INSERT IGNORE INTO elements_c (eid, s_id, element_name, description, scoring_scale, e_order) VALUES ("138", "1", "Catalog Creation / Onboarding", "Describe the process and alternatives to create/onboard a catalog in your system. For example, \"flipping\" a contract into an e-catalog, a traditional catalog loading process that leverages either excel, CSV file formats, EDI, email or a template that suppliers filled and load it by themselves. Explain your capablities to onboard catalogs with different data structures or different granular level of detail (e.g., pictures, \"how to\" instructions, attachments, detail descriptions, UNSPC codes, manufacturing numbers,etc.). Explain how during daily activities new items (and services) can be added/modified in an existing catalog. Describe direct integration capabilities with suppliers to create/maintain catalogs in real-time. Describe suite-based integrated features such as catalog creation directly from sourcing eventI. If applicable, describe any supplier costs to maintain catalog content (e.g., subscription fees). Describe your Punch-out capabilities, Can a punchout be self-service (i.e., configured by the customer)?", NULL, "138"), ("139", "1", "Catalog Data Quality Control", "Describe the native or partner support process and mechanisms used for catalog clasification, cleansing and enrichment. Describe the mapping and ongoing data synchronization process to the source record. Explain how data quality approaches insure the accurate conversion of unit of measures, currencies and languages for multi-country usage purposes (for example, accounting records, issuance of POs and invoices, side-by-side items comparison, etc.). Explain if there is an AI/machine learning (or other) approach for capability, control and enrichment of catalog and non-catalog content. Explain the capability to maintain real-time price information (internal and external catalogs) .Describe your capability to control data quality by creating and executing rules to automatically validate, enrich & clean catalog content. Describe the levels of exception managemnet/control for error correction to enrich the content", NULL, "139"), ("140", "1", "Catalog Maintenance", "Explain the process and mechanisms use to add/change/delete of catalog records across suppliers, buyers, and intermediaries. Explain your integration approaches to source systems like ERP, CAD/PLM, tech pubs, ECM, MDM, etc. Explain your support of (and translation between) multiple standards such as PIDX, RNIF, OCI, cXML, CIF, EDI 832, BMEcat, etc.", NULL, "140"), ("141", "1", "Catalog Approvals", "Describe the approval features and process, are there workflows, business rules involved, is there a collaborative mechanism between buyers and suppliers (feedback, disputes, notes, etc.), a graphical view, email alerts, drag & drop change status capability (evaluating, approved, live, etc.) access base on user profiling -- or related capabilities you would like to highlight", NULL, "141"), ("142", "1", "Catalog Objects", "Describe all type of objects and mechanism to include planned, non-planned and repetitive purchasing scenarios. Example might include Items, lists, kits, e-forms, smart forms, bundles, an internet spot buy. Explain features such as catalog item taxonomies & attributes, part number cross-referencing, custom price logic, tiered pricing ability, secure links to supporting documents (e.g., drawings, \"how to\" instructions, buying policies, etc.). Are buying policies configurable to appear in context of the item requested? Can access to catalog content (e.g., based on user /roles) be restricted? Describe all inherent business logic or \"AI\" inherent to a product or services (workflows, business rules, systems or object calls, etc.). Please describe all type of flags available (for example: contracted, inventory, similar, preferred, etc.) Describe the capability to integrate forms (e.g., eforms/smart forms/webforms) and associated UI components. What percentage of catalog configuration can be done in-house (self-service via a business resource) vs. requiring IT, vendor of consultant resources?", NULL, "142"), ("143", "1", "Catalog Mobility", "Describe mobility features (i.e., what can be enabled via a mobile environment) for catalog management functions. Please describe your security capabilities to enable touch-forms (smartphone and tablets) without sacrificing functionality or creating additional risk factors through the different forms of mobile access -- app and non-app", NULL, "143"), ("144", "1", "Catalog Analytics", "Describe the type of analytics available for catalog management. Please describe standard reports (or attach screen shots). This could include, duplicates, non-used, non-contracted items, etc. Please describe use of guided analytics (e.g., AI/machine learning) underlying components if applicable. Describe the ability to configure a dashboard to to providing catalog \"health\" or snapshot reporting (e.g., catalog changes, price changes, errors, missing items, fields, images, etc.) What level of search analytics are available to help administrators understand/ explore queries such as: what people are searching for (but not finding) specific items, top searches, lowest search conversion rates, item conversion rate over time, item conversion volumes over time, etc.", NULL, "144"), ("145", "1", "Catalog Roadmap", "Describe what new features & functionalities are in your catalog management roadmap in the next 12 months. In addition please mention any feature/functionality that we might have overlooked", NULL, "145"), ("146", "1", "Catalog Contracts", "Do you provide leveraged contracts/pre-negotiated pricing today in pre-loaded catalogs? If so, please describe the program and attach supporting documentation, including uptake/volume, savings, etc.", NULL, "146"), ("147", "1", "On-Premise Software Option", "Explain if there is an option for any part of the application or integration software to run on-premise behind the firewall? If you have such on-premise / \'private cloud\' capabilities, please describe how it works in conjunction with any \'public cloud\' application deployment models you support", "1 \"we install, and when you want an update, you call\"; 2 standard patch upgrade support (like previous MS non-forced update strategy); 3 dynamic pull from master image on an update server that auto detects version and runs all of the update scripts sequentially with each patch application; 4 would include capability beyond which is previously addressed (but including 1-3)", "147"), ("148", "1", "Internet Shopping / Catalog Visibility", "Do you enable the ability to enable users to shop across Internet sites, and pull the item back into the solution for pre-approval (with integration to understand where additional catalog SKUs/content would be used if available)", NULL, "148"), ("149", "1", "Catalog \"Secret Sauce\"", "What enables your catalog management capability to stand out from others -- if it does (it\'s OK if it does not!) but we\'d like to understand what you think makes you different and better than others", NULL, "149"), ("150", "2", "Requisitioning Set Up", "Describe the different requisition set-up options available to users/administrators beyond basic default options. For example: allow quick Item entry, allow several \"ship to\" addresses, hide change request type, allow multiple account allocations, etc.", NULL, "150"), ("151", "2", "Marketplace User Interface", "Describe your capabilities to restrict access based on different criteria (e.g., individual users, groups of users, BU, company, project) to an e-store (we define e-store as the virtualized shopping \"store\" for users). Describe the ability to personalize the user interface based on the user (e.g., logos, menus, displayed information, etc.) Describe your e-Store default fields/tabs (e.g., recent searches, also viewed, bundle options, statistics, pending tasks, lists of products, eForms, templates, etc.)", NULL, "151"), ("152", "2", "Markeplace Dashboard", "Describe the type of information that the MarketplaceÔæ´s front page dashboard can display (top level fields). Describe its configurability, flexibility and why/how it is easy to use (e.g., drag & drop features) in your perspective. Describe drill down capabilities throughout all processes flows (including the display of related document, RFx, contact and other data). Describe the ability to select the results and compare them", NULL, "152"), ("153", "2", "Profiles", "Describe how the system can enable different profiles to support \"mass customization\" of the shopping experience (e.g., per user, company, category, contract, project, etc.) Describe the detail of a profile configuration and how profiles are configured", NULL, "153"), ("154", "2", "Search Engine", "Explain the process, features and strengths of the search engine (for example, the ability to search on key words, enable federated search across different source content types simultaneously, parametric/filters such as company attributes, product attributes, categories, suppliers, price, flags). Describe your capability to provide keyword and \"type-ahead\" suggestions. Describe your ability to provide multiple catalog search filters to refine results. Describe the ability to search based on contracted SKUs, inventory items, like/similar items, preferred items/suppliers, etc.) Describe the underlying capabilities to enable search (e.g., rules-based modeling, description search, punch out (support for level 1, 2 models), transparent punchout (same UI), Internet search, accessibility / integrated into internal workflow, etc. How do you handle a search that produces no results; is the user guided to a next step?", NULL, "154"), ("155", "2", "Third-Party Content", "Describe content integration to third-party sources (e.g., in the case of non-contracted spend or spot buy SKUs). Capabilities could in clude the ability and interface to select a non-contracted spend item from a third-party site (e.g., eBay, Amazon, etc.) and add that item to the shopping cart. Describe ability to search, refine, compare and add items to shopping cart individually and in comparison to other searched items", NULL, "155"), ("156", "2", "Requisitioning Process", "Describe your process to create requisitions. For example: add one or multiple providers items to a cart (on-behalf or not) from supplier catalogs, buy directly from punchout sites, use a free-form request or form template, purchase with one click from any website, select items with a label scanner, integrate with project management tools, inventory/MRP and travel requests. Describe approval routing (by requisition process type, if restricted), ability to check against budgets by user, BU, account project, etc. (and also against business rules for procurement approval by source, type, category, cost center, value, department, project or any complex or multi-criteria scenario, such as all of the previous factors). Describe the ability to integrate with a sourcing application or to eProcurement application for creating different PO types (one-time, blanket/limit, and/or PO release / \"call off\"). Describe your ability to create multiple requisitions (from one chart) based on approval and business rules. Explain how you insert special instructions for vendors. Describe your ability to handle tooling requisitions. Describe your ability to handle assets (track asset value/depreciation, track warranties, service schedules, configure asset attributes, etc.) Describe your ability to \"block\" a requisition or PO process if suppliers are not qualified or if preferred/designated suppliers already exist for a specific item or category. Describe your ability to aggregate multiple requisitions (based on for categories or commodity codes) and create a single requisition (e.g., to take advantage of tiered pricing, rebates, order/shipping consolidation or take advantage of other savings opportunities). Describe contract compliance procesess for tiered pricing. Describe your ability to support pre-configured item lists that can be executed by picking items that are needed, setting par inventory par levels, recording on hand inventory and guiding users to what they will need to buy (automatically) based on these criteria? . Describe how much time it takes (typically) for an end user to create a requisition properly coded to the correct GL code. Please also describe outlier scenarios.Describe how much time it takes to train an end user on how to use the requisitioning system.", NULL, "156"), ("157", "2", "Systems Integration", "Describe your integration options with third-party systems such as IMS, WMS, MRP, and travel & expenses to generate requisitions", NULL, "157"), ("158", "2", "Non-Catalog / Services Requisitions", "Describe mechanisms to support non-cataloged item requisitions. Examples might include: e-forms / smart forms / e-templates / etc. Explain support for services requests (e.g., \"how to\" request forms, pre-populated templates, etc.), how services may be requisitioned through your native solution (i.e., contracted as part of an eProcurement product). If you have separate offerings or partner offerings for service procurement outside of capability that is included as a core component, please note and explain (or provide links) to these offerings. Describe how you support temporary labor requests (e.g.,, capture full service requirement profiles, define levels, work locations, expected duration, milestones and deliverables, and rate cards). If applicable, describe VMS integrations and partnerships . Describe how suppliers can create timesheets as part of the core eProcurement offering or via a partner offering. Please be clear on whether this is native to the eProcurement product, a separate module or a partner solution (and additional associated costs with enabling this capability, if applicable)", NULL, "158"), ("159", "2", "Preferred Supplier Management", "Describe solution capabilities for users (shoppers, approvers, etc.) to search suppliers based on preferred / qualified status before finalizing a requisition and PO", NULL, "159"), ("160", "2", "Repetitive Requisitions", "Describe the mechanisms to support repetitive requisitions and features supporting features (e.g., lists, kits, bundles, intelligent re-ordering workflow (with the ability to include tolerances / business rules), etc.). Do you handle e-forms? please describe how many are included, and if they are self service configurable by a customer business administrator or need vendor or IT support.", NULL, "160"), ("161", "2", "Help & Support", "Describe the help & support mechanisms accessible during the requisitioning process. These could include: videos, policy documents, contact information, on-line chat, \"how-to\" instructions documents, FAQ, etc. Do you have an user community to exchange expertise (if so, how many companies are active members and what is the level of activity?)", NULL, "161"), ("162", "2", "Shopping Cart / Checkout Process", "Explain the shopping cart and checkout process options available. For example: draft carts, create on-behalf of, select billing account (modify or split accounting), select shipping address per cart or line item (multiple), ability to add, cancel items, change quantities, add to favorites, upload attachments to a specific line item within the basket, multi-currency conversion to local currency, access to user support (on-line / Q&A), budget checking, alerts/warnings, data segregation by business units, etc. Describe your ability to transfer chart to super buyers (same or different system) to finalize the requisitioning process. Describe your ability to allow shipping based on individual line-items", NULL, "162"), ("163", "2", "Approval Process / Approval Engine", "Describe the approval engine features including configurability, approvals (email, application, line level), workflows (business rules: simple / complex- trigger from any object, etc.), graphical view, dynamic updates (requisition modification, delegations, new approvers /observers, auto-escalate), budget checking, rejection flow logic (such as resubmission, alerts, etc.) Explain the ability for line level approval/rejection, to trigger a threaded discussion, clarification or collaboration, etc. Describe ability to reassign approvable roles and extend review periods", NULL, "163"), ("164", "2", "Guided Buying", "Describe your \"guided buying\" approach and what type of information is displayed/available during the requisitioning process to support user guidance. How does the application handle the following scenarios or inputs to guided buying individually and collectively? Examples: ÔøΩhow toÔøΩ buy instructions, requirements/policies, budgets levels, inventory levels, supplier delivery times, supplier TCO, product feature comparisons, historic comparison prices, contracted vs. not contracted, preferred or similar products, minority/diversity vendors, risk/SER, supplier performance, supplier capability profiles, bundle recommendations, on-line promotions, product rating-reviews (internal-user comment) and any other context information that can support better purchasing decisions for the user and the business. Are there any business rules / logic that can display specific content based on the user, project, BU, company profile, supplier risks/ratings, budget constraints, payment terms, savings percentage, etc. Describe your guided buying ability to buy purchase both goods and other categories including non-catalog items, T&E, contingent labor, etc. in a single environment", NULL, "164"), ("165", "2", "Sourcing Integration", "Describe how the solution enables basic e-sourcing ( e.g., \"3 bids in a box\") and advanced integration with e- sourcing modules, if applicable, based on organizational sourcing and category compliance and other requirements; Describe the ability for procurement to initiate a sourcing event diretly from a requisition (based on volume, cost, category or other \"flaggign\") for better pricing", NULL, "165"), ("166", "2", "Requisitioning Budget Checking Process", "Describe your budget creation/integration (with budget systems) and associated processes and integration. Explain your ability to track budget impact throughout the requisitioning and purchasing process. Explain your capabilities to trigger alerts or hard stops when the budget is exceeded at a user, BU, account or project level. Describe any \"visual\" components that can guide users to make more informed decisions based on budgets. Describe budget checking integration with ERP and other systems", NULL, "166"), ("167", "2", "Requisitioning Inventory Checking Process", "Describe your inventory creation/integration (IMS/WMS) process. Explain the ability to track inventory impact throughout the requisitioning and purchasing process. Explain your capabilities to do inventory transfers, inventory adjustments, auto replenishment requisitioning, etc. Do you provide a native inventory solution or direct connectivity into third-party inventory management solutions via partnership? If so, please describe the capabilities of your solution / partner solution.", NULL, "167"), ("168", "2", "Mobility", "Describe mobility features of the requisitioning process including how security capabilities work in a smartphone and tablet environment. Describe any \"apps\" and other mobile requisitioning access points (Native browser, Apple Watch, etc.)", NULL, "168"), ("169", "2", "Analytics", "Describe your analytics philosophy. Explain the types of analytics available for requisitioning. Example: leveraging user behavior patterns to improve the user experience, information that is presented contextually, type of dashboards, etc. Describe if there is any embedded analytics/predictive capability. Explain how the application supports ÔøΩwhat ifÔøΩ scenario logic", NULL, "169"), ("170", "2", "Multi-Currency / Languages", "Please describe your approach for accurate conversion of units of measures, currencies and languages for multi-country usage purposes", NULL, "170"), ("171", "2", "Requisition Roadmap", "Describe what new features & functionalities are in your e-requisitioning roadmap in the near future. In addition please describe specific capabilities of the key \"sub\" feature/functionality that are in the roadmap", NULL, "171"), ("172", "2", "On-Premise Software Option", "Explain if there is an option for any part of the application or integration software to run on-premise behind the firewall? If you have such on-premise / \'private cloud\' capabilities, please describe how it works in conjunction with any \'public cloud\' application deployment models you support", "1 \"we install, and when you want an update, you call\"; 2 standard patch upgrade support (like previous MS non-forced update strategy); 3 dynamic pull from master image on an update server that auto detects version and runs all of the update scripts sequentially with each patch application; 4 would include capability beyond which is previously addressed (but including 1-3)", "172"), ("173", "3", "Order Setup", "Describe how you configure / set up the ordering process for users and the degree of flexibility in the configuration. For example: order tolerance thresholds, allowing administrative changes for POs, allowing creation of POs from contracts, allowing a \"one-time\" ship-to address, enforcing single account allocation, enabling punchout commodity specialization, default taxable amounts (e.g., by commodity), requiring that orders containing non-standard Items must be sequenced for approval, disabling the auto-creation of revision for change request, etc.", NULL, "173"), ("174", "3", "Order Creation", "Describe your process and ability to create POs (including customizing PO design) from approved requisitions or when no requisition exists. Explain your ability to support multiple POs per requisition, combine multiple requisition lines to into a single PO, support multiple currencies and languages, route for approval based on business scenarios (e.g., automated inventory, contract, budget checking, etc.) Mention all types of POs supported (e.g. one-time, blanket/limit, and/or PO release as well as \"call offs\"). Explain other capabilities such as automatic PO creation based on business rules, a [reverse] \'flip\' of an invoice to a purchase order (based on automated approvals), etc. Describe your ability to validate contract pricing against a PO, reassign a PO to a different vendor, etc. Describe your ability to process a PO created from an external system such as ERP, WMS, Work Management (e.g., field tickets), etc. For inventory orders, please describe how a pick list is created and an order is fulfilled. Describe how your solution provides intra-company purchase order capability. Describe if cXML ordering can be configured by the customer or if it requires a third-party (Is there any additional cost associated with enabling cXML?)", NULL, "174"), ("175", "3", "Contract Compliance", "Please describe the mechanisms to insure contract compliance in both standard PO, specialized PO (e.g. blanket) and non-PO requisitioning models.", NULL, "175"), ("176", "3", "Extensibility", "Describe ability to extend PO collaboration through integrated third-party solutions (e.g., tax solution providers, customs/compliance/import solutions) to enable total landed cost and other scenarios", NULL, "176"), ("177", "3", "Order Processing (buy-side)", "Describe your ability to attach supporting documentation (e.g., statement of work, drawings, specifications, etc.) What level of document security is possible in your system for these attachment scenarios? Describe the system\'s approach to receive order response/acknowledgements, process changes/deletions, manage order status requests/responses via different transactional standards (e.g., EDI / XML) and a portal interface, manage disputes, generate audit trails, etc. Describe your ability to send a PO (including attachments) to an ERP environment", NULL, "177"), ("178", "3", "Order Delivery / Communication", "Describe your communication process between buyers and suppliers. Explain your transmission methods (e.g., email, fax, cXML, EDI, web form, portal, network) and your ability to manage workflows and integrations to electronically communicate POs to suppliers, receive order response/acknowledgement, process changes/deletions, and manage order status requests/responses. If you take a network approach to PO and other document communication, please explain the approach and include supporting architecture documentation showing one-to-many, many-to-many, multi-tier and other specific connectivity models (or reference in more detail in the \"network\" tab). Please also describe any value-added services of this offering", NULL, "178"), ("179", "3", "Order Collaboration (buyer/supplier)", "Describe your ability to capture and handle buyer/supplier interactions, manage workflows and integrations to enable buyer/supplier collaboration (receive orders, send responses/acknowledgements/requests, process changes/deletions, manage order status), manage disputes, audit trails, etc.", NULL, "179"), ("180", "3", "Order Processing (supply-side)", "Describe the supplier\'s ability to override PO information (e.g., quantities, delivery method, prices, etc.), add/delete items (swapping), communicate responses/acknowledgements/requests, manage disputes, show order status and the ability to approve orders on the line-level", NULL, "180"), ("181", "3", "Services Procurement Integration", "Describe your ability to integrate to relevant contingent labor systems (including VMS, VMS/MSP, SOW, freelancer management and specialized category solutions) and services providers for finding, selecting, and managing contingent labor, contractors and services categories (e.g., temporary labor, staffing resources, 1099 contractors, \"gig\" workers, etc.) Describe your ability to create a services PO compliant that is compliant with policies. Describe your ability to integrate service entry sheets with the ERP environment", NULL, "181"), ("182", "3", "International Trade and Logistics", "Explain if you support integrations to third party logistics firms and related third-party tools/providers for shipment documentation (e.g., customs declarations and manifests). Please specify capabilities here as well as partners used. Please also describe tax, tariff, harmonized code and other support considerations and partners (e.g., escrow, inventory finance, etc.)", NULL, "182"), ("183", "3", "PO Mobility", "Describe the mobility features of your ordering process including integrated security capabilities for a mobile environment. If mobile is a differentiator for your solution, please explain why and how it stands out from others", NULL, "183"), ("184", "3", "PO Analytics", "Describe the type of analytics available for ordering. Examples include: performance benchmarks, KPIs, full audit trail visibility, etc.", NULL, "184"), ("185", "3", "Multi-Currency / Languages", "Describe your ability to handle multi-currencies and multi-languages for multi-country usage purposes as well as cross-border system integration and reconciliation. List and describe all (please be thorough if applicable).", NULL, "185"), ("186", "3", "PO Roadmap", "Describe what new features & functionalities are in your ordering roadmap in the near future. In addition please tell us what you think makes your solution \"shine\" in the ordering area, standing out from others -- today and tomorrow.", NULL, "186"), ("187", "4", "Receiving Setup", "Describe the key \"set-up\" steps for the receiving process and ability to support customized scenarios (e.g., enabling receipt of negative quantities, double-step receiving, validate receipt quantity, requiring a receipt vs. no receipt required, requiring end user receipts, allowing changes to suppliers, enable notification when no receipt exits, etc.)", NULL, "187"), ("188", "4", "Fulfillment", "Describe your ability to process/communicate advanced ship notices (ASNs) and bills of lading (BOL) from suppliers (and BOL responses from buyer if needed) as well as other related documentation, if applicable", NULL, "188"), ("189", "4", "Receiving Process", "Describe your receiving process. This may include support for configurable receiving functionality including desktop, centralized, hybrid receiving (multi-shipped / partial / bulk / decimals / allowances for open/blanket POs), receiving with inspection capability (returns management), flexible matching rules (and managing required documentation to complete a receipt), supplier barcode / RFID support, and integration, warehouse receipts, and asset receipting. Describe if your solution has the ability to enable both end user receiving and central receiving. Describe your ability to handle assets (e.g., track asset value/depreciation, track warranties, service schedules, configure asset attributes, etc.) Describe your ability to receive receipts by line items on orders. Describe how your solution receives an item into inventory. Does your solution allow for a user to receive via browser, email and mobile specific clients? If so, which ones?", NULL, "189"), ("190", "4", "Receiving Integration", "Describe your ability to integrate receiving activity to other needed processes such as ERS (where PO-receipt match can auto-generate the invoice), eInvoicing, eProcurement, and hosted inventory management (e.g., SMI/VMI, inventory collaboration, etc.). Please include customer use cases or documentation to show support for advanced scenarios (if applicable)", NULL, "190"), ("191", "4", "Receiving Mobility", "Describe the mobility features of your receiving process including mobile-specific security components", NULL, "191"), ("192", "4", "Receiving Analytics", "Describe the type of analytics available for your receiving process. Example: returns, performance benchmarks, KPIs, full audit trails, etc.", NULL, "192"), ("193", "4", "Receiving Roadmap", "Describe what new features & functionalities are in your receiving roadmap in the near future. In addition please mention any feature/functionalities that we may have overlooked", NULL, "193"), ("194", "4", "International Trade and Logistics", "Explain if you support integrations to third party logistics firms and related third-party tools/providers for shipment documentation (e.g., customs declarations and manifests). Please specify capabilities here as well as partners used. Please also describe tax, tariff, harmonized code and other support considerations and partners (e.g., escrow, inventory finance, etc.)", NULL, "194"), ("195", "5", "Supplier Onboarding", "Describe your onboarding process for suppliers including the enablement process (e.g., training and approvals) and the maintenance process (updates/new required data). Please describe your methods and capabilities to manage the on-boarding process (e.g., third-party service support/help desk, managed service, web forms, portal templates, requirements and certifications, background checks, regulatory and reporting requirements, localized requirements, requirements for new suppliers in high risk countries, etc.) and to capture suppliers (buyer/supplier invitation, mass-market supplier on-boarding approach, etc.) Please describe your supplier integration capabilities with supplier systems. Please also note your workflow capabilities for supplier on-boarding as well as how you manage parent/child linkages as part of the process. If there is anything we have left out in this question (or this sheet) which makes your supplier onboarding approach different from others, please share these additional considerations and elements of your product or embedded solution/services. Please include typical examples of volumes of suppliers enabled in small, medium and large deployments (Describe typical timelines). Describe how much time it takes a supplier to register on a supplier network (include time required for their legal to review contracts / terms and conditions and, if applicable, associated fees?) . Describe how much time it takes to train a supplier on how to use the network. If you offer additional supplier enablement options, does this preclude the supplier from using the standard supplier network functions?.", NULL, "195"), ("196", "5", "Supplier Information Management", "Describe how you maintain supplier information being current, compliant (and of course accurate!) Explain how you establish data privacy when it comes to storing sensitive individual information (such as tax IDs for sole proprietors), and issues as transparency & auditability. Explain how you manage supplier financial and risk assessments, background checks, regulatory and reporting requirements, localized requirements, requirements for new suppliers in high risk countries, etc. Explain your workflow capabilities for supplier information management and how these are tied into your overall P2P capabilities. Also explain any many-to-many or one-to-many information capture approaches and how data that is managed via the network can be augmented for individual buy-side customers with specific information requirements", NULL, "196"), ("197", "5", "Supplier Performance and Risk Management", "Describe how you ensure supplier contract compliance and linkages with suite-based and third-party contract management systems. Describe your mechanisms to monitor, evaluate, report and improve supplier performance. How do you monitor supply risks on a continuous basis via the network. Do you integrate with 3rd party solutions to evaluate supplier risk?", NULL, "197"), ("198", "5", "Catalog Management", "Describe which catalog management capabilities can be executed from the portal (and which cannot)", NULL, "198"), ("199", "5", "Order Management", "Describe which order management capabilities can be executed from the portal (and which cannot)", NULL, "199"), ("200", "5", "Invoicing", "Describe which invoicing components can be executed from the portal (and which cannot). If suppliers have multiple customers on the network, can they see all related invoicing (and associated trade documents) through a single log-on?", NULL, "200"), ("201", "5", "Other Supplier Network Value-Added Services", "Describe any network-based value-added services. These could include \"network-based\" transactional intelligence (e.g., the network \'learns\' how to convert OCR\'d supplier PDFs for small suppliers). Additional capabilities could include member-driven benchmarking, template-development, industry-specific frameworks / standards, supplier search/matching based on RFI/RFP requirements, etc. Do you provide a simplified process for collaboration/document exchange with low-volume or one-off suppliers that captures and manages all relevant information?", NULL, "201"), ("202", "5", "Ability to Connect to Multiple Supplier/Business Networks", "Describe how your customers have connected to different intermediaries via your network (e.g., third-party EDI hubs, supplier networks, etc.). Which ones? How do you manage standards, data persistence (which standard) and any fee considerations associated with third-party connectivity integrations?. For global deployments, describe how you enable customers to use a single or multiple supplier networks for connectivity. If multiple supplier networks will be used, how will integration between the supplier networks be handled?", NULL, "202"), ("203", "5", "Other Capabilities", "Do you have to be on the portal to transact and collaborate? . Can suppliers receive an order, add comments, _ Acknowledge and create a legally compliant invoice via email ÔøΩ with NO Portal Registration. For transmission methods such as EDI, cXML does the vendor have to be on the portal/network, or can they connect directly to the customer P2P instance with no portal connection?.", NULL, "203"), ("204", "6", "P2P Configuration Set Up", "Describe your approach to customized P2P configuration as well as both basic and advanced configuration scenarios. Approaches could be based on users, departments, commodities, roles, content groups, approval steps, delegated approvals, units of measure, custom fields, accounts, chart of accounts, invoice tolerances, receiving tolerances, budget periods, payment terms, etc. Describe if there is a limit to the number of configurations included (e.g., # of fields, forms etc). If so, what is the limit?. Describe how your solution supports both single and multiple chart of accounts/accounting structure (e.g., SAP, Oracle, Lawson, etc.). Describe the process for configuring custom fields/web forms (What are the limitations/constraints in terms of what can be enabled?)", NULL, "204"), ("205", "6", "Business Rules / Workflow", "Describe the elements, and extent of, workflow configuration across the modules and functionality and any integrated third party applications. Be sure to describe your competitive differentiators including, but not limited to, depth of configurability, breadth of configurability, and visual component manipulation. Is the rules/workflow capability native to your platform or is it a licensed third party capability?", NULL, "205"), ("206", "6", "Multi-Currency", "Describe your support for multiple currencies and supporting functionality for conversions, rounding, etc. Describe how external currency tables are used (e.g., automated conversions, manual, third-party only or if internal master tables are supported, etc.)", "1 a single currency conversion table; 2 integrated currency feed which updates daily; 3 rules-based conversion based on currency and payment type (i.e. 2.5% conversion fee on the P-card, etc.); 4 would include capability beyond which is previously addressed (but including 1-3)", "206"), ("207", "6", "Business User Configuration", "Describe your ability to enable self-service configurable by a customer business-level administrator (e.g., no development/coding/pseudo-coding skills required). Describe the extent to which a business-user can configure the system (vs. a system analyst or other technical resource -- or vendor/consulting expert resource)", NULL, "207"), ("208", "6", "Technical Configuration", "Describe your ability to enable self-service configurable by an in-house technical resource (e.g., limited development/coding/pseudo-coding skills required). Describe the extent to which a technical-user can configure the system without external (vendor or consultant) expertise", NULL, "208"), ("209", "6", "Vendor/Consultant Configuration", "Is a vendor or trained consultant required for certain or all configurations? if so what are typical turnaround times and costs (hourly FTE) associated with this work?", NULL, "209"), ("210", "6", "Customizations", "What percentage of your deployments include code-level customization? If applicable, please describe the types of customizations that you have enabled?", NULL, "210"), ("211", "7", "Cloud", "Please describe your cloud architecture (e.g., single-instance multi-tenant application run on a \'virtualized\' and elastic platform). Explain your ability to support private/hybrid cloud that can physically partition customer-specific data as well as your adoption of cloud computing standards and components (e.g., using commercial IaaS platforms, open stack components, etc.). Please describe the platform and infrastructure \'stack\' used for your application/integration service. What Service Oriented Architecture (SOA) standards and features do you employ?. Please break down your customer base and their deployment model (% public cloud, % private cloud, % on premise)", NULL, "211"), ("212", "7", "On-Premise Software Option", "Explain if there is an option for any part of the application or integration software to run on-premise behind the firewall? If you have such on-premise / \'private cloud\' capabilities, please describe how it works in conjunction with any \'public cloud\' application deployment models you support", "1 \"we install, and when you want an update, you call\"; 2 standard patch upgrade support (like previous MS non-forced update strategy); 3 dynamic pull from master image on an update server that auto detects version and runs all of the update scripts sequentially with each patch application; 4 would include capability beyond which is previously addressed (but including 1-3)", "212"), ("213", "7", "Robotics / AI / Machine Learning", "Explain the use of robotics technology, embedded AI/machine learning capability, etc. What is in your roadmap in these areas? Do you employ data scientists on staff? If so, please describe your team and its credentials", NULL, "213"), ("214", "7", "Big Data", "Explain the use of big data technology (e.g., business intelligence, customer data integration approaches, real-time \"hubs\", artificial Intelligence, etc. Please describe the experience and credentials of your analytics team", NULL, "214"), ("215", "7", "Block chain", "Explain the use of block chain technology within your solutions or plans to deploy block chain in future releases. What type of block chain capabilities are you actively researching and/or developing (e.g., \"smart contracts\")? Are you working with a customer advisory council in this area, and if so, what is their willingness to support a distributed ledger model?", NULL, "215"), ("216", "7", "Mobile", "Explain the use of mobile technology within your solutions overall and your roadmap for future mobile adoption. Please highlight how you support mobile users (e.g., responsive design to work across all devices or mobile app for basic functionality like approvals). What percentage of system interactions today are driven by mobile clients? What do you forecast for the next 12 months? 24 months?", "1 = limited, email-like approvals and simple request views only for the buyer. 2 = decent - event status and data viewing, simple reports, and commenting for the buyer and invitation viewing, issue notification, and bidding for the supplier. 3 = extensive (i.e., pretty much any data that can be viewed/entered on a mobile device can be viewed/entered). 4 = where you have found novel ways to do more with mobile than their peers (e.g., full mobile-enabled chat infrastructure that can capture requests and input via chat)", "216"), ("217", "7", "Internet of Things (IoT)", "Explain the use of IoT technology within your solutions (if used) and your IoT roadmap (if applicable)", NULL, "217"), ("218", "7", "OCR / Scanners", "Explain the use of OCR/Scanning technology within your solutions (if used) and roadmap plans", NULL, "218"), ("219", "7", "Intelligent Apps", "Explain the use of \"intelligent apps\" within your solutions. Examples include: Siri, Alexa, Google, etc. Do you work with partners in this area?", "1 = We integrate a third party app. 2 = we integrate a third party app that we have trained on sourcing and procurement terminology and workflows. 3 = we have developed our own intelligent app infrastructure and trained it on our platform and sourcing workflows. 4 = would include capability beyond which is previously addressed (but including 1-3)", "219"), ("220", "7", "Conversational Systems", "Explain the use of conversational technology within your solutions in such areas as user-initiated help requests, guided buying, etc. Please describe your roadmap in this area", NULL, "220"), ("221", "7", "Personalization", "Describe your ability to customize/tailor terminology to business-specific terminology using data dictionaries or other approaches", "1 = simple phrase mapping file for menu options. 2 = replacement rules for menus, workflows, help files, etc. 3 = multi-lingual personalization options for global deployments. 4 = would include capability beyond which is previously addressed (but including 1-3)", "221"), ("222", "7", "Open Standards", "Describe your support for open standards, particularly surrounding document/data standards. How this has been developed / implemented? Are you working with / driving any standards-body initiatives? Do you provide a platform that enables others to develop or co-develop capabilities? Do you provide a platform for supplier to integrate their financial and accounting systems through a standards-driven environment?", "1 = we support XML and EDI. 2 = we support a number of standard natively including docx, pdf, and other formats our customer organizations use on a daily basis. 3 = we support a whole host of file exchange standards between ERP, Accounting, and other enterprise systems. 4 = would include capability beyond which is previously addressed (but including 1-3)", "222"), ("223", "7", "Integrations", "Describe typical (and atypical) system integration options. Describe how the platform and service provider handles multiple instances. For example, if an organization has multiple ERPs but wants a shared Procurement/Sourcing/Analytics/etc. deployment, do you typically deploy a single instance of your software for them, or typically multiple instances? Describe any integrations not addressed below.", "1 custom coding; 2 API integration; 3 a plethora of out-of-the-box integrations based on our complete and 100% open API and open vendor APIs; 4 would include capability beyond which is previously addressed (but including 1-3)", "223"), ("224", "8", "Data Management Services", "Describe your ability to natively (or through partners) aggregate, cleanse, classify, enrich, and harmonize existing data to make it timely and accurate to drive sourcing, category management and strategic sourcing efforts. Describe existing abilities to also validate data against external sources (tax authorities, prohibited/denied parties lists, certifying ISO authorities, etc.)", NULL, "224"), ("225", "8", "Managed Services / Co-Sourcing / Outsourcing", "Describe any BPO partner deployments outside of supporting customers that are hosted in your native cloud instance. Describe your ability to support business process related services or information/intelligence services in areas such as risk management, compliance (e.g., supplier audits), market intelligence, etc.", NULL, "225"), ("226", "8", "Consulting / Change Management", "Describe the depth of your professional services teams and partner professional services firms to assist in operational/IT strategy, implementation planning, and implementation execution (process re-design, system tailoring/customization, testing, training, post implementation support, etc.) How many internal FTEs are on your team in this area? How many partner FTEs are certified in total (if a certification program exists)? How many partner FTEs are trained (outside of a formal certification program)?", NULL, "226"), ("227", "9", "Invoicing Setup", "Describe the key \"set-up\" components and capability of the invoice receiving process \"out-of-the-box\" on a configuration basis. These could include: auto-matching method/approach, auto PO closeout capabilities, voucher tolerance, ability to update received quantity upon approval, send notification to requisitioner when invoice is created, enable price tolerance exceptions, enable receipt quantity exceptions, allow line item description edit, enable do not edit payment information, account allocations, enable invoice extract, enable standards as cXML/UBL/PEPPOL -- via administrative interface, supplier portal (configuration), etc.", NULL, "227"), ("228", "9", "Invoice Creation / Capturing / submission", "Describe your ability to capture and create invoices (e.g., PO Flip model / Non PO invoice) or generate an automated recurring invoice. Share your capabilities and approach to support the following or related scenarios: using a public or private supplier network (or portal) inclusive of invoice capture capabilities (e.g., PO flip, e-form capturing, file uploading), using a web XML template to capture invoice data, using an EDI model for B2B integration purposes including but not limited to invoice-related documents, OCR approaches to convert paper (or email PDF) into e-invoices with the inclusion of a data validation process as well as manual processes to handle paper invoices (Provide Service Level Agreements and quality commitments). Describe any intelligent data capture approaches for paper invoices and your ability to support an internal or third-party managed mailroom approach (e.g., to manage incoming invoices in cases where paper will still be involved for small suppliers), etc. Describe any unique capabilities of your approach and solution if we have missed any components that you think are important to your differentiation/approach for invoice creation/capture", NULL, "228"), ("229", "9", "Services Invoicing & Contract Invoicing", "Is your solution capable of handling an invoice created directly from a contract? Describe your capability for matching an invoice against a contract and handling rule(s)-based exceptions. Does your solution provide a collaborative environment to manage services invoicing? Describe your ability to match POs and service-entry-sheets against a service invoice for exceptions and resolution", NULL, "229"), ("230", "9", "Invoice Collaboration", "Describe your ability to support collaboration between suppliers and internal stakeholders. These capabilities might include: response to suppliers, add/change/delete communications, invoice status inquiry/response, voucher communications, credit/debit memo communications, exception handling, remittance advice, dispute resolution and related collaboration requests. If there are any specific ÔøΩtoolsÔøΩ involved in collaboration, such as on-line chat capabilities or specific workflow solutions, please explain these components. Describe your ability to add people to a discussion on a specific document", NULL, "230"), ("231", "9", "Invoice Validation / Approvals", "Describe your solution\'s capability to match an invoice (e.g., to a purchase order or a payment plan against specified criteria). These matching elements might include goods receipts and other specified criteria (flexibility to control 2- and 3-way match by supplier or spend type, match invoice lines against purchase order lines, etc.) Describe your ability to perform rules-based invoice validation based on business rules (e.g., tolerances, partial payments, etc.) and other commercial rules (e.g. currency conversions, rounding rules, and multi-authority tax calculations). Explain how you enable STP / touchless processing. Specify any value-added partners (e.g., tax calculation solutions).Describe your ability to capture, share, and store buyer/supplier interactions pertaining to commercial/invoicing disputes (e.g., audited threaded discussions). Describe your approval workflow capabilities (e.g., incorporating existing internal approval limits and organizational hierarchies, providing an escalation process when an invoice approver fails to approve the invoice in a designated time period (etc.) Provide examples of the most complex rules scenarios that you are supporting today", NULL, "231"), ("232", "9", "Invoice Integrations", "Describe your e-invoicing solution integration with your end-to-end P2P and related system processes. Examples might include: eProcurement (center on incorporating the PO with the invoice and enabling a two-way (or three-way) match, as well as simplifying a supplierÔøΩs receivables processes); account payables and accounting (e.g., facilitating the invoice payment process and insuring an accurate invoice-payment reconciliation process), a shared service organization (AP proccessing), inventory and warehouse management (e.g., facilitating a three-way (or n-tier) matching processes before payment by incorporating goods receipt and potentially other document types and signals into the mix); master data (e.g., supporting accurate data and avoiding data silos), and business intelligence (to provide real-time insights), etc. Describe your overall integration model approach and options (e.g., published APIs, integration partnerships, PaaS/stack-based, etc.)", NULL, "232"), ("233", "9", "Invoice Compliance", "Describe your ability to ensure compliance with the regulations of the tax authorities of specific countries (e.g., validated invoices, VAT compliance, digital signatures, electronic documentation and fiscal/accounting reporting, correct calculation and recording of taxes, archiving, etc.). Mention your country roadmap in terms of compliance (including which countries you can enable legal archiving). Mention where are your processing centers (Data Privacy/Data Protection) your commitments and SLA (including where youÔæ´ve subcontractors) Please focus on describing your support scenarios and capability beyond what Trustweaver offers to all providers in the sector. Describe how you incorporate trade regulations (e.g., import tariffs, harmonized code calculations, etc.) into the solution. Mention your actual certifications (ISAE 3402, ISO27001, NIST, other) if applicable in meeting internal compliance requirements explain your general approach to matching (e.g., 3-way), contract and price compliance, incorporation of related commercial data, updating information in third-party solutions, etc. Also describe your integration approach to drive business reporting in third-party systems in areas of tax, accounting, etc. as well as insuring internal and external auditing requirements (e.g., evidence/traceability, system and processing logs, e-invoice archives, etc.)", NULL, "233"), ("234", "9", "Invoice Mobility", "Describe the mobility features of your invoicing process including support for mobile-specific security. For example: do you offer a mobile-specific solution to view an invoice, provide dynamic reporting based on location and other factors; how do you support mobile collaboration scenarios? Please describe any mobile specific differentiators of your solution that you believe that we may have left out", NULL, "234"), ("235", "9", "Invoicing Analytics", "Describe your ability to analyze invoice data (in depth and in real time) to acknowledge data quality issues, support sourcing/event/opportunity identification analytics, identify buying behaviors, enable forecasting, supporting audit trails, driving benchmarks analyses, offering finance options for supplier, etc. How does your analytics approach identify savings opportunities (cost avoidance and tax reporting, including tax recovery), show transaction-based metrics (e.g., cost per invoice processed, invoice growth rate, invoices paid without POs, invoices in dispute or invoices rejected, etc.) Describe your ability to configure an analytic dashboard and ability to take quick action at an invoice level. Please describe if your analytics approach is differentiated in ways we have not discussed. Also please describe if you offer broader spend classification, enrichment and validation capability as well as options for visualization (e.g., native BI, third-party BI) and drill-down (e.g., via a cube-based environment)", NULL, "235"), ("236", "9", "Invoicing Roadmap", "Describe what new features & functionalities are in your e-invoicing roadmap in the near future. In addition please mention any feature/functionality that we might have overlooked which you believe is material to your solution differentiation today and tomorrow", NULL, "236"), ("237", "10", "Payment Methods", "Describe your payment methods/approaches. For example, this could include integration with an accounts payable ERP module (which would take control of the payment process post-approval), integration with p-card/v-card providers and integration with banks or third-party payment solutions", NULL, "237"), ("238", "10", "Payment Processing", "Describe how you enable visibility into payment status. This description should include (if applicable) the ability to support cross-border scenarios involving payment in different currencies and the ability to perform payment plans within business rules (e.g., for recurring invoices corresponding to master contracts without a PO involved / a self-billing payment plan without supplier first sending an invoice). Explain your abilitiy to drive touchless processing. Describe your ability to handle advance payments. Describe your ability to manage invoices from suppliers under these circumstances for invoice validation and payment processing", NULL, "238"), ("239", "10", "Payment Cards", "Describe how you support payment cards / virtual cards - single use- (and any partnerships, if applicable), including reconciliation, reporting and visibility (pre-integrated into the solution). If there is card integration into a native T&E module which you support, please describe", NULL, "239"), ("240", "10", "Financing On-Boarding", "Describe any additional on-boarding support (e.g., KYC or SCF legal frameworks) for trade financing outside of standard network/invoicing on-boarding", NULL, "240"), ("241", "10", "Trade Financing (Receivables and Payables Financing)", "Describe the different options you offer for supporting balance and non-balance sheet funded trade financing options and whether these are periodic or recurring (supplier \"opt-in\"). Please attach detailed documentation in support of these capabilities and provide customer examples for different financing options. Supported capability (please provide details on all relevant capabilities and models) may include: invoice discounting/dynamic discounting, dynamic payment terms, reverse factoring (approved trade payables financing / SCF), factoring, inventory finance programs, card-based financing programs, hybrid programs. Please note if your technology supports financing automation (e.g., supplier opt-in per certain requirements/constraints/matches). Please list all third-party technology, finance, trade credit, trade insurance and related partnerships and also support in specific countries (if applicable) outside North America; are financing options tied to a single bank or non-bank financing institution or multiple providers. Please describe your current financing volume levels and committed facilities (by third parties). Please also list committed facility examples in balance sheet funded programs and the number of balance sheet-funded programs in operation with at least $1MM (average) in funding over the past 6 months. Please describe typical APRs offered to suppliers by supplier tier and \"uptake\" on financing offers to date. Please describe your payment offerings/partnership and number of customers supported via these payment integrations (if applicable) not already described above. Please describe (in the case of third-party funding) any type of rebate mechanism and/or the ability to contribute to funding via a special purpose or other vehicle. What do typical economics of these structures look like?", NULL, "241"), ("242", "10", "Collaboration", "Describe your ability to support collaboration between buyers, suppliers and third-parties (if applicable) for negotiation / remediation purposes in the case of standard discounting or recourse arrangements", NULL, "242"), ("243", "10", "Financing Analytics", "Describe any financing-specific analytics (for buyers and suppliers). These could include dashboards and analytical environments to support working capital analysis, working capital requirements, available cash (by geography or P&L), rebate structures/visibility, etc.", NULL, "243"), ("244", "11", "Arbitrary Categorization in Spend Analysis", "This is the ability to do category spend analysis within an analytics environment against default, built in, and arbitrary (what-if) categorizations.", "1 is integrated spend analysis; 2 is integrated spend analysis + a built in taxonomy; 3 is support for what if re-categorizations; 4 is the ability to do all this with data enrichment and multi-taxonomy comparisons; etc.", "244"), ("245", "11", "Category Benchmarks", "Does the tool contain built in category benchmarks based on real world data, market pricing, real-time updates based on anonymized community events, and/or should-cost models.", "1 would be the ability to maintain benchmarks ; 2 would be the ability to automatically populate benchmarks with anonymized data from other clients/participants in a buyer network; 3 would be the ability to extend those with industry data; 4 would require innovations in the area beyond these; etc.", "245"), ("246", "11", "Trend Analysis and Demand Forecasting", "Does the tool contain the ability to plot historical (benchmark) prices, project future pricing trends, market demands, and company demands?", "1 would be the ability to plot historical prices and demands and do basic trend analysis; 2 would be the ability to plot this against market data and predict likely market prices; 3 would be the ability to use advanced demand planning models to predict detailed demands over time; 4 would require integrated demand management functionality and guided buying based on prescriptive analytics; etc.", "246"), ("247", "11", "Category Sourcing Plans/Templates", "Does the tool contain built-in category sourcing plans based on templates built by experts (internal or external to your organization: please specify) and guide a user through the creation and execution of category-based sourcing events?", "1 would be the ability to define and track such plans; 2 would be a set of template category plans; 3 would be a set of detailed sourcing plans across categories and products with workflow enabled templates integrated into the various modules and functions; 4 would be adaptive sourcing templates that vary the workflow based on market conditions and configurable rules; etc.", "247"), ("248", "11", "Benchmarking", "Does the tool contain the ability for the organization to create and maintain their own benchmarks and (if market benchmarks are included) compare those to market/community benchmarks?", "1 is the ability to maintain general purpose spending and performance benchmarks; 2 is the ability to define and track advanced KPIs in those benchmarks; 3 is the ability to define and monitor trends based on those benchmarks; 4 would include capability beyond which is previously addressed (but including 1-3)", "248"), ("249", "11", "Tracking / Scorecard Integration", "Does the tool contain the ability to create scorecards and track sourcing success against the category plan / opportunity analysis?", "1 is the ability to define scorecards; 2 is the ability to populate them automatically from KPIs, surveys, and imported data; 3 is the ability define trends and alerts and track changes over time; 4 would include capability beyond which is previously addressed (but including 1-3)", "249"), ("250", "11", "Prescriptive Analytics", "Does the tool support prescriptive analytics that can analyze current market conditions, organizational demands, and projected trends and guide the user into the identification of an appropriate category for sourcing and/or the selection of the appropriate sourcing event type and template among multiple built-in options built by industry experts? Can it assist with demand management? Lean Process Improvements? To what extent? Please describe.", "1 would be the capability of general advice based on general measurements or comparisons; 2 would be the inclusion of more specific advice on a category / project basis; 3 is the ability to adapt the recommendations and workflow based on current market conditions; 4 would be based on, and include, advanced statistical modelling/simulation/optimization models; etc.", "250"), ("251", "12", "Basic Should Cost Modelling", "Does the tool support the creation and maintenance of should cost models?", "1 is the ability to define a simple should cost model; 2 is the ability to populate from corporate or market data; 3 is the ability to define costs based on advanced formulas; 4 would be the ability to compute future costs based on projected cost trends across raw materials, labor, energy, and overhead costs; etc.", "251"), ("252", "12", "Market Data Feeds", "Does the tool support the integration of market data to support should-cost model creation?", "1 would be the ability to import data from flat files; 2 from real-time from data sources; 3 from real-time interpolation using advanced metrics and formulae for more accurate costing; 4 would include capability beyond which is previously addressed (but including 1-3).", "252"), ("253", "12", "Benchmarks", "Does the platform support the calculation and/or integration of benchmarks? Can these benchmarks be used to support the calculation of overhead / internal production costs not easily obtainable from market data? Can they be performance based as well as cost based? If so, describe the type (industry, category, performance, etc.) and the extent?", "1 is support for benchmarks; 2 is integration with benchmarks; 3 is real-time updates based to should cost models based on benchmarks; 4 would include capability beyond which is previously addressed (but including 1-3)", "253"), ("254", "12", "Bill of Material Support", "Does the tool support the creation of detailed bills of material and can the bill of materials be imported from ERP/MRP solutions?", "1 is basic support for the definition of a bill of materials; 2 is importation from ERP/MRP; 3 is support for BoM driven cost models; 4 is support for multi-tier dynamic roll-up cost models; etc.", "254"), ("255", "12", "Formula Support", "Does the tool support the creation of complex formulas (with mathematical functions and not just basic arithmetic operators) in the creation of should-cost models?", "1 basic arithmetic operators; 2 basic (Excel) functions; 3 advanced trigonometric functions; 4 calculus, etc.", "255"), ("256", "12", "Templates", "Does the tool come with a set of templates for the products and services require by the organization, grouped into the categories supported by the organization?", "1 a set of high level category templates; 2 detailed category templates with key products / raw materials; 3 adaptive templates based on changing designs / bills of material; 4 would include capability beyond which is previously addressed (but including 1-3)", "256"), ("257", "13", "Sourcing Strategy Definition", "Does the tool support the creation of sourcing strategies based on the sourcing project / category needs that can be documented, archived, and accessed at any time?", "1 simple, static, sourcing strategy definition; 2 quick links into different modules based on high-level workflow steps; 3 detailed step-by-step strategies with progress tracking and links into specific step workflows within modules; 4 would include capability beyond which is previously addressed (but including 1-3)", "257"), ("258", "13", "Task, Timeline, and Milestone Definition", "Does the tool support the definition of detailed tasks, milestones, and timelines that can be used to define the project, walk the team through each step, and allow the senior buyer to track progress at each step of the way?", "1 timeline, milestone, and task definition; 2 status tracking and automatic status update based on step completion; 3 security controls, approvals, and audits; 4 would include capability beyond which is previously addressed (but including 1-3)", "258"), ("259", "13", "Role-Based Team Definition", "Does the tool support role-based team-definition that not only defines a project team but the roles and associated responsibilities and access rights that they will have throughout the sourcing project?", "1 basic role definition; 2 integration with access controls; 3 support for team members outside the organization; 4 would include capability beyond which is previously addressed (but including 1-3)", "259"), ("260", "13", "Workflow Integration", "Does the project management functionality support, and integrate with, a configurable, variable, workflow that integrates with each module and function on the sourcing plan?", "1 entry point integration; 2 functional integration; 3 rules-based workflow that detects and jumps to the right point in the sourcing workflow; 4 would include capability beyond which is previously addressed (but including 1-3)", "260"), ("261", "13", "Approvals and Sign-Offs", "Does the project management tool support the definition of necessary go/no go breakpoints that require one or more staggered sign offs to continue?", "1 single approvals; 2 multi-approvals; 3 multi-approvals with override authority in an approval chain; 4 would include capability beyond which is previously addressed (but including 1-3)", "261"), ("262", "13", "Budget and Demand Definition", "Does the tool support the definition of budgets and point-in-time demand definition over the course of the project award window?", "1 budget definition; 2 budget importation from third party tool; 3 budget updates and projections based on demands; 4 automatic updates based on rules and formulas from available spend and demand projection updates", "262"), ("263", "13", "Execution Support", "Does the tool support the execution of the project through collaboration, document tracking, negotiation, or other non-critical, but beneficial capabilities?", "1 integrated email; 2 integrated messaging/chat with history; 3 virtual whiteboards or collaborative view creation; 4 would include capability beyond which is previously addressed (but including 1-3)", "263"), ("264", "14", "Single Sign-On", "Does the platform support single-sign on for the supplier -- and by this we mean that regardless of how many customers use the supplier, it has one, single, integrated portal to manage all of its customer relationships with one single sign-on for all related activities in the platform", "1 one login, but each customer view is segregated; 2 one instance of supplier master data, but customer documents/RFXs/purchase orders/etc. in their own portal; 3 all documents/communications integrated; 4 VMI across orders, optimized responses against limited capability, etc.", "264"), ("265", "14", "Distributed Supplier RFX Response Management", "Does the portal integrate with the RFX application and allow distributed or multiple responses that are completely controlled by the supplier, who can add team members with restricted access at will?", "1 multiple, invited parties can respond; 2 supplier can add parties, but limited control over what they can/cannot respond to; 3 supplier can add parties, restrict roles, and review options; 4 would include capability beyond which is previously addressed (but including 1-3)", "265"), ("266", "14", "Distributed Supplier Auction Management", "Does the portal integrate with the auction application and allow for distributed or multiple responses that are completely controlled by the supplier who can add team members and proxies with restricted access down to the item level?", "1 multiple parties defined by the buyer can respond, typically one per lot; 2 multiple parties, added by the supplier, can respond, typically one per lot; 3 suppliers can add parties and back-up proxies that will automatically be authorized if the primary party does not log in or gets disconnected; 4 would include capability beyond which is previously addressed (but including 1-3)", "266"), ("267", "14", "Result/Award Notification", "Does the portal allow for the secured and controlled distribution of (optimized) RFX or Auction results with authorized supplier personnel only, allowing for verification of receipt, and secure responses.", "1 results can be communicated to a single supplier representative through the platform; 2 results can be communicate to all supplier personnel with appropriate access rights; 3 supplier personnel can verify receipt; 4 would include capability beyond which is previously addressed (but including 1-3)", "267"), ("268", "14", "Contract Negotiation Management", "Does the portal allow for secure, tracked, and versioned e-negotiation with contract offer and counter offer version control and tracking?", "1 the buyer can communicate results securely to the supplier and verify access; 2 the supplier can accept, reject, or counter-offer in a secure manner and verify when the buyer has accessed; 3 the platform allows unlimited back and forth, tracking multiple versions of offers and counter offers across multiple documents that will form the complete contract when signed; 4 would include capability beyond which is previously addressed (but including 1-3)", "268"), ("269", "14", "Supplier Information Management", "Does the portal allow for the collection of all tracked supplier information, controlled updates where new information and documents must be first verified, and communications tracked and archived?", "1 suppliers can enter basic contact and location information; 2 suppliers can upload and maintain documents; 3 suppliers can maintain complete catalogs and make updates on a regular basis, limited only by contractual rates and changes that must be verified; 4 inclusive of 1-3 + automatic verification of updates that allow suppliers to automatically update data without buyer verification required", "269"), ("270", "14", "Scorecards", "Does the platform allow for the creation and distribution of 360-degree supplier scorecards?", "1 scorecards can be created by both parties and distributed manually; 2 scorecards can be automatically updated from KPIs and surveys; 3 scorecard history and performance trends; 4 net promoter scores and advanced relationship metrics", "270"), ("271", "14", "Corrective Action Management", "Does the platform allow buyers to notify suppliers of issues, create and manage corrective action plans in a collaborative fashion?", "1 issue identification and tracking; 2 corrective action plan creation and progress tracking; 3 collaborative plan creation, progress updates, and interaction; 4 would include capability beyond which is previously addressed (but including 1-3)", "271"), ("272", "14", "Supplier Onboarding", "Does the platform facilitate the onboarding of new suppliers? Are multi-channel onboarding events supported across categories, industries, and geographies? Is there any supplier network support?", "1 list creation and invite management; 2 integration with supplier networks and campaign management; 3 integration with (e-)fax and phone campaigns; 4 would include capability beyond which is previously addressed (but including 1-3)", "272"), ("273", "14", "Invitation Management", "To what degree is invitation management, possibly as part of supplier onboarding campaigns, in particular supported? Can campaigns be set-up for easy supplier response? Can invitations be sent out over multiple channels? Can they be automatically resent as reminders? Can buyers be notified when a supplier has seen or responded? Can the buyer controll the onboarding of the suppliers at every distinct, logical, step?", "1 timed e-mails; 2 time offline (e-)fax and phone campaigns; 3 integration with supplier self-registration; 4 would include capability beyond which is previously addressed (but including 1-3)", "273"), ("274", "14", "Self-Registration", "Does the platform support, and how extensible is, the supplier self-registration process? Does it support conditional workflows that lead the supplier down the appropriate paths to capture the relevant information, documentation, certifications, and customer/industry references?", "1 suppliers can sign up for future invitation; 2 suppliers can provide basic information; 3 suppliers can provide extensive category and industry information and be guided through an information collection workflow based on the answers and information provided; 4 would include capability beyond which is previously addressed (but including 1-3)", "274"), ("275", "15", "ETL Support", "To what extent does the platform support extract, transform and load from other systems?", NULL, "275"), ("276", "15", "ERP Integration", "Does the tool support ERP integration out-of-the-box (with ERP systems such as Oracle, SAP, JDE, etc.) for populating lots and bill of materials?", "1 ERP integration for extracting SKUs and links, but BoMs need to be built/verified manually; 2 complete BoMs can be imported, but prices need to be imported/defined separately; 3 complete BoMs with most recent pricing can be pulled in, along with any associated component specification documents; 4 would include capability beyond which is previously addressed (but including 1-3)", "276"), ("277", "15", "P2P/S2P Integration", "To what extent does the platform support out-of-the-box integration with other P2P/S2P systems that the organization may already have in place for transactional procurement?", NULL, "277"), ("278", "15", "3rd Party Feeds", "To what extent does the platform support integration with 3rd party data feeds that are relevant for data enrichment and analysis?", NULL, "278"), ("279", "15", "Cleansing", "To what extent does the platform support the cleansing of data required for analytics?", NULL, "279"), ("280", "15", "Automatic data correction based on known fields", "Does the platform support the automatic correction of data pulled from a system with correct data pulled from a master system?", NULL, "280"), ("281", "15", "Simple rules for automatic correction based on common errors", "Does the platform support the creation of rules for automatic correction of data based on common errors that can easily be encoded in rules by end users?", NULL, "281"), ("282", "15", "Advanced rules for correction based on industry data", "Does the platform support the creation of rules for error correction based on industry data?", NULL, "282"), ("283", "15", "Categorization", "To what extent does the platform support categorization?", NULL, "283"), ("284", "15", "Built in Schemas (UNSPSC, Best in Class, etc.)", "Does the platform support (automatic) categorization against one or more built in schemas such as UNSPSC, Best-in-Class schemas created by consultants, or other industry classifications?", NULL, "284"), ("285", "15", "AI", "Does the platform support categorization using one or more AI technologies?", NULL, "285"), ("286", "15", "Out-of-the-Box Reports and Analytics", "To what extent is out-of-the-box reporting supported?", NULL, "286"), ("287", "15", "Standard Spend Reports", "To what extent does the platform support standard spend reports? How many are included and to what extent is end-to-end coverage supported?", NULL, "287"), ("288", "15", "Customization Capability", "To what extent does the built-in reporting and analytics support end-user customization?", NULL, "288"), ("289", "15", "Report Builder", "Does the tool come with a built-in report builder that allows end-users to create the reports they want on the data they want, regardless of the source of such data? Can it work on all data elements? How extensible is it? Please describe, and focus on any competitive differentiators.", NULL, "289"), ("290", "16", "Creation Methodology", "How flexible is the RFP creation methodology and can it be customized to the needs of the buyer?", "1 the buyer can create the RFP questions that are required; 2 the buyer can modify the process; 3 the buyer can tailor the process to organizational needs; 4 would include capability beyond which is previously addressed (but including 1-3)", "290"), ("291", "16", "Components", "Does the RFX / Survey tool support all of the standard components including, but not limited to, free form entry, configurable drop-down lists, multi-selects, and other components?", "1 the tool supports the basic RFX creation from standard components; 2 the tool supports RFX creation from advanced multi-selects and other modern components; 3 the tool supports creation of RFXs from a suite of grouped RFX components that can be reused as needed; 4 would include capability beyond which is previously addressed (but including 1-3)", "291"), ("292", "16", "Templates", "Does the tool support the creation of RFX/Surveys from configurable and customizable templates?", "1 RFXS can be instantiated from templates; 2 RFXs can be instantiated from a collection of template sections; 3 RFXs can be instantiated from templates can be auto-selected based on industry category or other factors; 4 would include capability beyond which is previously addressed (but including 1-3)", "292"), ("293", "16", "Template Library", "To what extent does the solution support a template library?", "1 a pre-configured template library is supported; 2 the buyer can define his or her own templates; 3 templates can be organized by industry and/or categories and multiple versions based upon different specifications created; 4 would include capability beyond which is previously addressed (but including 1-3)", "293"), ("294", "16", "Category", "Does the solution support the creation of templates by category and/or come with an extensive library of category templates?", "1 templates by category are provide; 2 the buyer can create templates by category; 3 the templates can be integrated with should-cost models; 4 would include capability beyond which is previously addressed (but including 1-3)", "294"), ("295", "16", "Industry", "Does the solution support the relation of templates by industry and/or come with an extensive library of category templates?", "1 templates by industry are provide; 2 the buyer can create templates by industry; 3 the templates are integrated with should-cost models; 4 would include capability beyond which is previously addressed (but including 1-3)", "295"), ("296", "16", "Weighting", "To what extent does the RFX tool support weighting?", "1 a single weight for each factor; 2 group based average weighting for each factor; 3 variable weightings for each response based upon respondent expertise; 4 would include capability beyond which is previously addressed (but including 1-3)", "296"), ("297", "16", "Formula Based", "Does the RFX support the creation of weighting formulas across elements?", "1 simple arithmetic formulae; 2 basic statistical/trigonometric spreadsheet formulas; 3 advanced functions; 4 would include capability beyond which is previously addressed (but including 1-3)", "297"), ("298", "16", "Optimization Backed", "Does the RFX integrate with an optimization platform or is it optimization backed (that allows for constraints to be taken into account during weightings)?", "1 simple cost model integration; 2 basic capacity constraint definition and support; 3 full optimization model integration; 4 would include capability beyond which is previously addressed (but including 1-3)", "298"), ("299", "16", "Multi-Party", "Does the RFX support multi-party evaluations with variable rankings?", "1 multiple parties can weight, but only one response per section; 2 multiple parties can rank all sections; 3 variable rankings on each section across multiple parties; 4 would include capability beyond which is previously addressed (but including 1-3)", "299"), ("300", "16", "Advanced Scoring", "Does the RFX support advanced scoring evaluation methodologies such as statistical, net promotor, on-target, and other methodologies?", "1 basic statistical scoring; 2 advanced functions; 3 net promotor; 4 more advanced scoring methodologies", "300"), ("301", "16", "Documentary Support", "To what extent does the RFX tool support document attachments?", "1 bulk uploads in centralized directory; 2 classification by skype; 3 version management; 4 auto-classification and verification", "301"), ("302", "16", "Unlimited Attachments w/ Revision Control", "Can the RFX tool support unlimited attachments with detailed meta-data index and version/revision control?", "1 unlimited attachments with simple meta-data; 2 version control; 3 comparison and auto-difference detection; 4 would include capability beyond which is previously addressed (but including 1-3)", "302"), ("303", "16", "Bulk Upload and Association", "Can the RFX tool support bulk upload and automatic association with suppliers, lots and line items using a standard naming convention?", "1 bulk upload, manual mapping to lots/items; 2 bulk upload, automatic mapping to lots/items based on a naming convention; 3 bulk upload, automatic mapping and automatic verification; 4 would include capability beyond which is previously addressed (but including 1-3)", "303"), ("304", "16", "CAD/CAM Visualization Support", "Can the RFX tool support CAD/CAM diagrams and allow them to be visualized within the tool?", "1 CAD/CAM diagrams detected and associated, displayable in external tools; 2 CAD/CAM diagrams detected and associated, viewable in internal viewer; 3 CAD/CAM diagrams detected, and secured, for safe internal or external viewing; 4 would include capability beyond which is previously addressed (but including 1-3)", "304"), ("305", "16", "Collaboration", "To what extent does the RFX tool support collaboration?", "1 email; 2 integrated messaging; 3 collaborative RFX creation/construction; 4 whiteboards and other real-time element creation; 4 would include capability beyond which is previously addressed (but including 1-3)", "305"), ("306", "16", "Real-Time Messaging", "Does the tool support integrated real-time (group) messaging between all parties with compete archival, audit trails, and indexing for association with different data elements and platform functionality?", "1 real time chat between two parties; 2 multi-party chat with archival; 3 association with different modules and elements; 4 would include capability beyond which is previously addressed (but including 1-3)", "306"), ("307", "16", "Virtual Whiteboard Integration", "Does the tool support integrated virtual whiteboards that allow all parties to collaborate free-form in the creation of RFXs and RFX responses?", "1 direct links to third party tools with link backs; 2 tightly integrated whiteboards; 3 additional support for mindmaps, flow charts, and other business constructs; 4 would include capability beyond which is previously addressed (but including 1-3)", "307"), ("308", "16", "Other Party View Support", "Does the tool allow a buyer to see exactly what a supplier will see and vice versa before sending an RFX or a response?", "1 yes, but buyer must log in to test portal; 2 yes, with instant view toggle functionality; 3 yes, and RFX can be edited in either view mode; 4 would include capability beyond which is previously addressed (but including 1-3)", "308"), ("309", "16", "Screen Sharing", "Does the tool allow multiple parties to see the same screen during collaboration construction of an RFX, a scoring, or a response?", "1 yes, but only lead buyer can edit; 2 yes, and control can be passed; 3 yes, and multiple buyers can work on multiple sections simultaneously and track what each other are doing; 4 would include capability beyond which is previously addressed (but including 1-3)", "309"), ("310", "16", "Bill of Material Support", "Does the tool support bill of materials capabilities for direct sourcing? And can the bill of materials be imported from ERP/MRP solutions? Is the capability built on \"lots\" or is it separate from lots?", "1 a \"lot\" can be treated as a bill of materials; 2 basic bill of material support, where bills of material can be grouped into lots; 3 basic should cost model integration where the bill is a product or assembly and energy, labor, and overhead costs can be broken out; 4 automatic cost population from market data, etc.", "310"), ("311", "16", "ERP Integration", "Does the tool support ERP integration out-of-the-box (with ERP systems such as Oracle, SAP, JDE, etc.) for populating lots and bill of materials?", "1 ERP integration for extracting SKUs and links, but BoMs need to be built/verified manually; 2 complete BoMs can be imported, but prices need to be imported/defined separately; 3 complete BoMs with most recent pricing can be pulled in, along with any associated component specification documents; 4 would include capability beyond which is previously addressed (but including 1-3)", "311"), ("312", "16", "Multi-SKU Mapping", "Does the tool support multi-sku mapping and support the mapping of buyer SKUs to distinct supplier SKUs?", "1 manual mapping of supplier SKUs to buyer SKUs; 2 automatic mapping and designation of preferred SKUs; 3 support for related and substitute SKUs; 4 would include capability beyond which is previously addressed (but including 1-3)", "312"), ("313", "16", "Automatic Supplier Identification", "Does the tool support the appropriate identification of appropriate suppliers?", "1 auto selection of previously invited suppliers; 2 suggestion based on category/product and suppliers in the SIM module; 3 smart network search based on industry, category, and/or product/service; 4 would include capability beyond which is previously addressed (but including 1-3)", "313"), ("314", "16", "from SIM", "Does the tool integrate with the organization\'s SIM solution for the identification of current and potential suppliers based upon the line items / bill of materials?", "1 yes for selection of current/previous awarded suppliers; 2 yes for suggestion of suppliers offering similar products/services and support for simple searches; 3 yes for suggestion of suppliers with capabilities similar to those required for products/services and support for advanced searches; 4 would include capability beyond which is previously addressed (but including 1-3)", "314"), ("315", "16", "from Supplier Network", "Does the tool integrate with one or more external supplier network offerings that can be used to find new potential suppliers based upon the line items and/or bill of materials?", "1 yes for simple search based on key words; 2 for advanced search based on keywords, SKUs, capabilities; 3 for multi-variate search and ranking based on complete BoM; 4 would include capability beyond which is previously addressed (but including 1-3)", "315"), ("316", "16", "Bidding", "To what extent is bidding supported?", "1 single value bid submission only; 2 simple formula-based bids using arithmetic operators; 3 complex bids using functions and market data (if the supplier relies on 3rd party carriers or buys raw materials at market price); 4 would include capability beyond which is previously addressed (but including 1-3)", "316"), ("317", "16", "Open, Blind, or Closed", "Does the tool support multiple types of bidding, including open, blind, or closed bids?", "1 single mode bidding across the entire event; 2 selection of mode by lot, sub-event; 3 multi-modal interactive real-time displays that can compare bids across previous events by bid type; 4 would include capability beyond which is previously addressed (but including 1-3)", "317"), ("318", "16", "Multiple Offers Per Line", "Does the tool support multiple offers per line item from the same supplier? To what extent?", "1 one offer, but the supplier can indicate preferred or alternate product; 2 two offers, one preferred, one alternate; 3 multiple offers, one preferred, multiple alternates with a feature comparison matrix; 4 would include capability beyond which is previously addressed (but including 1-3)", "318"), ("319", "17", "Multi-Party Support", "How extensible is the multi-party evaluation -- can it be configured on a section by section basis?", "1 multi-party supported, but all stakeholders can evaluate all sections and evaluations overwrite; 2 multi-party supported, and each party can be limited to a single section, and evaluations average; 3 parties can be restricted to individual elements, evaluations are weighted by authority, and all responses can be analyzed/plotted (and outliers marked or removed); 4 would include capability beyond which is previously addressed (but including 1-3)", "319"), ("320", "17", "Each Field Single or Multi-User Rank", "Can the weighting algorithms be configured to allow a variable number of users to rank each section and field?", "1 yes, but each field is equally weighed across participants; 2 yes, and each field can be differently weighted for each participant; 3, yes, and complex scorings (including statistical, net promoter, etc.) can be used; 4 would include capability beyond which is previously addressed (but including 1-3)", "320"), ("321", "17", "Side-by-Side Comparison", "To what extent are configurable side-by-side comparisons supported in the tool?", "1 simple tabular; 2 graphical displays; 3 advanced statistical/outlier/constrained analysis; 4 would include capability beyond which is previously addressed (but including 1-3)", "321"), ("322", "18", "Pause, Edit, Re-Issue", "Can buyers pause, edit, and re-issue RFXs and / or partial RFXs during an event if one or more issues are detected?", "1 pause / extend only; 2 edit and complete re-issue with notification of changes; 3 edit and partial reissue of changes only; 4 would include capability beyond which is previously addressed (but including 1-3)", "322"), ("323", "18", "Multi-Round Support", "Does the tool support the easy creation of multiple-round RFXs?", "1 yes, but a new round is a new RFX; 2 yes, and the new round can be populated with the results of the previous round; 3 yes, and suppliers can be added or not, reasons tracked, and feedback given; 4 would include capability beyond which is previously addressed (but including 1-3)", "323"), ("324", "19", "Out-of-the-Box Auction Formats", "There are a number of types of auctions: Dutch, Yankee, Japanese, etc. How many are supported out of the box?", "1 just a basic reverse auction; 2 just the big ones - English, Dutch, and Yankee; 3 all of the standard auction types with every associated configuration option; 4 all of the above plus constraints and optimization backing; 5 backed up with quantum computing for super-fast feedback", "324"), ("325", "19", "Configuration Options", "What degree of configuration is available for each auction? Floors, ceiling, minimum increments, blind, ranked, open? Describe in detail.", "1 just ceilings and floors; 2 increments, visibility, minimum time delay, auto extension; 3 supplier restriction to lots/items, forced proxy definition (in case lead supplier bidder disconnected); 4 would include capability beyond which is previously addressed (but including 1-3)", "325"), ("326", "19", "Saved Market Baskets", "Can auctions be quickly instantiated from saved market baskets of items and lots that are re-sourced on a regular basis?", "1 previous auctions can be copied; 2 formal basket templates can be created; 3 basket templates can be created and starting bids defined from previous bids, market prices, or formula that takes both into account; 4 would include capability beyond which is previously addressed (but including 1-3)", "326"), ("327", "19", "RFX Integration", "Does the auction integrate with the RFX for initial population?", "1 yes for the identification of lots and suppliers; 2 yes and all relevant data can be pulled; 3 yes and capacity constraints, restrictions, and other configuration parameters can be auto-set from RFX responses;4 would include capability beyond which is previously addressed (but including 1-3)", "327"), ("328", "19", "Real-Time Control Mechanisms", "What degree of control is available once the auction begins? Can it be paused if issues are detected? Can bidding privileges automatically be switched from primary to proxy bidders if a connection is lost? Describe in detail.", "1 limited, manual pause and restart only; 2 decent, automatic pause if too many bidders drop or don\'t show up; proxy bidders can take control if primary bidder not logged on or responsive for more than 2 minutes; 3 extensive, control is at the individual lot level, and individual suppliers can be banned in real time (for not following the rules); 4 would include capability beyond which is previously addressed (but including 1-3)", "328"), ("329", "19", "Proxy Support", "How powerful and configurable is the proxy support? Can the suppliers define their own proxies and prevent buyers from changing bids without their express permission?", "1 limited, buyers can define primary and back-up bidders; 2 decent, suppliers can define primary and back-up bidders; 3 advanced, this can be done on a lot and item basis and can prevent buyers from making any changes through appropriate, highly secure, settings; 4 would include capability beyond which is previously addressed (but including 1-3)", "329"), ("330", "19", "Messaging", "To what extent is real-time messaging supported during the auction?", "1 limited, only push messages from buyers to suppliers; 2 decent, real-time two-way forum communication; 3 advanced forum and direct messaging support with live help guides and alerts to potential issues; 4 would include capability beyond which is previously addressed (but including 1-3); 4 would include capability beyond which is previously addressed (but including 1-3)", "330"), ("331", "19", "Real-Time Monitoring", "How powerful is the real-time monitoring? Can it detect when bidders are dropped, when bidders are bidding too fast (and might be represented by prohibited bots), when their might be security issues, alert he buyers, and allow the auction to be paused if necessary?", "1 limited, can only track logins and last bid time; 2 decent, can detect delays/drops and switch to proxy bidders; 3 advanced and can detect too much activity (which could indicate suppliers using bots or auction hacked), too little activity, abnormal bids (which could indicate a supplier might not understand the process); 4 would include capability beyond which is previously addressed (but including 1-3)", "331"), ("332", "19", "Integrated Optimization Capability", "Is the auction tool integrated with optimization to allow for real-time constraint based optimization?", "1 yes but model is limited to unconstrained cost optimization among product providers and carriers; 2 yes and the model can support capacity constraints and award limits; 3 yes and the integration is complete and supports costs, all constraints, and advanced formula in the bid calculations / rankings; 4 would include capability beyond which is previously addressed (but including 1-3)", "332"), ("333", "19", "Automatic Supplier Identification/Invitation", "Does the tool integrate with the SIM module and/or supplier networks for the automatic identification of suppliers who should be invited to bid?", "1 auto selection of previously invited suppliers; 2 suggestion based on category/product and suppliers in the SIM module; 3 smart network search based on industry, category, and/or product/service; 4 would include capability beyond which is previously addressed (but including 1-3)", "333"), ("334", "20", "Solid Mathematical Foundations", "What is the foundation of the solver? Is it a sound and complete MILP solver that is guaranteed to find an optimal answer if sufficient time is given? Is it an evolutionary algorithm that is likely to find a great answer but not complete? Is it a hybrid approach that can augment branch-and-bound / decomposition MILP with a technique that quickly finds good starting solutions?", "1 no, evolutionary, monte carlo, tableau, or non (MI) LP solver or home-grown algorithm; sort-of, supports LP with home-grown rounding/hybrid algorithms for allocation of discrete units; 3 true MILP; 4 true MILP with powerful branch and bound that can use parallel processing and other optimization techniques to quickly find starting solutions", "334"), ("335", "20", "True Cost Modelling", "Does the solution support true cost modelling? In other words, can the buyer define any and all cost components that are part of the lifecycle cost model, and not a fixed set of cost components combined in a pre-defined cost formula?", "1 the buyer can define as many discrete cost components as she wants but they all roll up into one cost; 2 the buyer can define as many cost components as she wants and they are all treated separately with their own additive or multiplicative formulas that allow their own discounts and constraints; 3 the buyer can define as many cost components as she wants using advanced mathematical functions and non-circular ; interdependencies; 4 would include capability beyond which is previously addressed (but including 1-3)", "335"), ("336", "21", "Capacity", "Can it support capacity constraints that define minimums and/or maximums on each product, location, lane, etc. so that all allocation models are feasible (and respectful of hard business constraints)?", "1 basic, fixed, capacity limit by supplier-product, or supplier-product-location; 2 fixed capacity limits sell side and fixed capacity limits buy-side; 3 configurable capacity limits on any set of relevant model dimensions (supplier, ship from, product, ship to, lane, carrier); 4 would include capability beyond which is previously addressed (but including 1-3)", "336"), ("337", "21", "Allocation", "Can it support minimum or maximum allocation requirements that take into account existing contracts or acquisition requirements from strategic suppliers?", "1 fixed allocation by supplier-product; 2 percentage allocation by supplier, supplier-product, or geographic location; 3 ranged allocations based upon business rules and supplier capacity that can be defined on buyer defined model dimensions; 4 would include capability beyond which is previously addressed (but including 1-3)", "337"), ("338", "21", "Risk Mitigation", "Can it support risk mitigation constraints which insure that a maximum allocation is given to a certain supplier (set), geography, etc. and that allocations are split in accordance with corporate risk mitigation objectives?", "1 fixed maximums to predefined supplier sets; 2 percentage based maximums to supplier and ship from / ship to sets using tags to define sets of interest; 3 advanced multi-way splits (20/30/50), ranges, and allocations across multiple requirements; 4 would include capability beyond which is previously addressed (but including 1-3)", "338"), ("339", "21", "Qualitative", "Can it support qualitative constraints that insure the minimum or average or weighted award meets a certain qualitative requirement (such as defect rate, average lifetime, etc.)?", "1 basic average limits; 2 weighted or formula-transformed average limits; 3 multi-objective balancing across related qualitative factors; 4 would include capability beyond which is previously addressed (but including 1-3)", "339"), ("340", "21", "What If? Capability", "Can it support the creation of unlimited what-if scenarios?", "1 yes; 2 yes, instantiated as copies from current; 3 yes, instantiated as modified copies of current using one or more rules (unconstrained, 3 suppliers, etc); 4 would include capability beyond which is previously addressed (but including 1-3)", "340"), ("341", "21", "Out-of-the-Box", "Does it support automatic creation of a suite of basic minimum cost, maximum supplier, minimum geographic risk, and other out of the box scenarios that are automatically created and allocated?", "1 unconstrained only; 2 a default set of typically evaluated scenarios (3 suppliers, 20/30/50 splits on products, incumbents only, local sourcing); 3 a custom set of defaults defined by the user from organizational defaults that are based on provider templates; 4 would include capability beyond which is previously addressed (but including 1-3)", "341"), ("342", "21", "Constraint Relaxation", "Does it support the creation of what-if scenarios by (automatically) relaxing one or more potentially limiting constraints that prevents a scenario from being solved or that has been determined to be increasing the cost by more than a minimum percentage?", "1 yes, but only capacity and only randomly; 2 yes, capacity and allocation but only those detected to be prohibiting a solution; 3, yes all constraints that are preventing solution at the present time (even if the removal of a subset might be sufficient); 4, yes, all constraints that are preventing or severely limiting the solution based on those constraints evaluated to be having the maximum impact on the objective function", "342"), ("343", "21", "Scenario Comparison", "How powerful is the scenario comparison capability?", "1 simple side-by-side award comparison by line item; 2 comparison cube that allows views by product, supplier, location, or other dimension(s) of interest; 3 difference calculations that indicate constraint relaxations that could yield lower costs with minimal impacts on established goals as well as automatic outlier awards (due to constraints); 4 would include capability beyond which is previously addressed (but including 1-3)", "343"), ("344", "21", "Sensitivity Analysis", "Does the optimization engine support sensitivity analysis?", "1 yes, hard limit/capacity constraint identification only; 2 yes, all hard constraints preventing or limiting a solution can be identified; 3 yes, all hard and soft constraints preventing and limiting a solution can be easily identified; 4 yes, and suggestions as to the constraint relaxations that would have the maximum positive benefit to the objective can be identified; 4 would include capability beyond which is previously addressed (but including 1-3)", "344"), ("345", "21", "Hard Constraint Identification", "Can it identify all of the \"hard\" constraints that are preventing the solver from finding a lower cost solution and the approximate degree or potential range to which they are limiting the solution?", "1 yes but hard limit constraints preventing only; 2 yes, and all limiting constraints preventing only; 3 yes, and required relaxations to allow solvability computed and presented; 4 strong integration with auto-what-if scenario generation that can auto create different solvable scenario variations for comparative analysis; 4 would include capability beyond which is previously addressed (but including 1-3)", "345"), ("346", "21", "Soft Constraint Support", "Can the tool support the creation of soft constraints that can be relaxed to allow an unsolvable model to otherwise solve and can the constraints be relaxed more if the relaxation would save more than the relaxation would cost?", "1 yes, but only capacity/allocation constraints can be defined soft; 2 yes, and all constraints can be defined soft; 3 yes, and the negative impact of all soft constraints restricting the solution is analyzed and presented; 4 would include capability beyond which is previously addressed (but including 1-3)", "346"), ("347", "21", "Model Templates", "Does the optimization capability support the creation of advanced model templates that can be used to instantiate a new optimization event?", "1 yes, but limited mainly to cost models - constraints have to be defined after the fact; 2 yes, and some high-level constraints can be defined (such as unique supplier limits, buyer warehouse capacities, lane capacity, award splits, etc.); 3 yes, and the user can specify soft constraints with relaxation limits and preferred visualizations upon solution; 4 would include capability beyond which is previously addressed (but including 1-3)", "347"), ("348", "21", "RFX/Auction Integration", "Does the optimization engine integrate with RFX and/or Auctions to allow for initial population of the optimization model?", "1 yes, data can be pulled in and results pushed back; 2 yes, and the optimizer runs behind the scene; 3 yes, and the user can switch between RFX/Auction and back-end optimizer views for sensitivity analysis and constraint relaxation to make the model feasible; 4 would include capability beyond which is previously addressed (but including 1-3)", "348"), ("349", "21", "Scalability", "How does the optimization solution scale up? How big can models get before the exponential solver slow down becomes noticeable?", "1 open source solver, severe performance degradation over a moderate size; 2 low-cost solver, noticeable moderate to high performance degradation as model size increases linearly; 3 best-in-class solver (like Cplex, Xpress, etc.) optimized for the typical model types, and comparable with most leading solutions on the market; 4 custom tailored solver solution built on one or more best-in-class solvers that selects the right solver and settings for each type of model the organization runs, tailoring the settings for maximum performance over time", "349"), ("350", "22", "Negotiation Management", "To what extent does the platform support e-Negotiation Management?", "1 limited - offers can be sent as attachments, responses sent as attachments; 2 integrated - offers can be sent and received in-the platform, with or without attachments; 3 complete basic - integrated versioning and e-Signatures; 4 would include capability beyond which is previously addressed (but including 1-3)", "350"), ("351", "22", "Auditable, Unalterable, Messaging", "Can both parties create secure, unalterable, auditable, persistent messages?", "1 yes, but limited to offers and counter-offers; 2 yes, all messaging is secure and persistent; 3 yes, and complete audit trails, with e-Signature verifications, can be tracked and reported on at any time; 4 would include capability beyond which is previously addressed (but including 1-3)", "351"), ("352", "22", "Contract Creation", "To what extent does the platform support contract creation?", "1 award export; 2 award export and standard legal template directory (in Word files); 3 integrated editor that can suck in awards and templates; 4 would include capability beyond which is previously addressed (but including 1-3)", "352"), ("353", "22", "Templates", "Does the platform allow templates that can be used for initial contract creation?", "1 yes, but only one standard template per category/industry; 2 yes, and multiple versions with distinguishable meta-data; 3 yes, and the templates are dynamic and select among clauses based upon geographies, category, dollar value, or other relevant criteria; 4 yes, and there is integration with external GRC/CSR platforms that indicate what regulations need to be adhered to and what clauses the organization should consider including / verifying", "353"), ("354", "22", "Clauses", "Does the platform allow Legal to define standard clauses and variations (across geographies, industries, etc.) that can be automatically included in the template used to cut the contract?", "1 yes, but limited to a pre-defined set of conditions; 2 yes, but limited only to a pre-defined set of categories (geographies, categories, industries, etc); 3 yes, and can associated with any meta-data or workflow rule of interest; 4 would include capability beyond which is previously addressed (but including 1-3)", "354"), ("355", "22", "Attachments", "Does the platform allow the buyer to attach as many attachments (NDAs, specs, etc.) as necessary in a secure fashion and allow for supplier verification / e-Signature confirmation of receipt?", "1 yes, but no version control or e-Signature; 2 yes, with version control and e-Signature; 3 yes, with internal comparison/red-lining functionality, finance/defense level security, and in-line with all regulatory e-Signature requirements; 4 would include capability beyond which is previously addressed (but including 1-3)", "355"), ("356", "22", "Word Integration", "Does the solution integrate with Microsoft Word to enable both parties to build and edit documents within Microsoft, but with full security and version tracking?", "1 = contracts can be stored in MS Word. 2 = basic word integration which allows change history to be pulled out of versions and redlining support. 3 = word is \"embedded\" in the platform and the viewer/editor can switch from Word to the application (and see the status in the Word viewer) and back again and the user can even push data from Word to the platform (clauses, supplier data, updated price lists etc.) during contract creation. 4 = would include capability beyond which is previously addressed (but including 1-3)", "356"), ("357", "22", "Version Control", "Does the solution have extensive version control capabilities with complete tracking of who did each individual change (if collaborative editing was enabled)?", "1 basic document level version control; 2 clause level version control; 3 change and audit trails by user and version reporting and analysis; 4 would include capability beyond which is previously addressed (but including 1-3)", "357"), ("358", "22", "e-Signatures", "Does the solution support, and preferably integrate with, an e-Signature solution that can be used to not only sign contracts, but other agreements and even confirm receipt and acceptance of NDAs and other critical documents?", "1 punch-out to e-Signature solution and import of document; 2 native integration; 3 multi e-Signature solution support and support for all data tracking requirements in each country that recognizes e-Signatures; 4 would include capability beyond which is previously addressed (but including 1-3)", "358"), ("359", "23", "ETL for Key Metrics", "Does the tool support the import of key metrics for contract / award performance management from external tools?", "1 yes, from flat-files; 2 yes, with API integration; 3 yes, with out-of-the-box support for best-of-breed ERP and SRM platforms; 4 would include capability beyond which is previously addressed (but including 1-3)", "359"), ("360", "23", "RFX/Survey Integration", "Does the tool integrate RFX/Survey capability with the performance tracking capability that allows for the team to provide feedback on more subjective metrics?", "1 yes, summary scores can be imported; 2 yes, and surveys can be created within performance tracking or RFX; 3, yes and qualitative responses can be tracked and analyzed with sentiment analysis; 4 would include capability beyond which is previously addressed (but including 1-3)", "360"), ("361", "23", "Scorecards", "To what extent does the tool support scorecards?", "1 scorecards can be created and automatically populated from surveys; 2 scorecards can be augmented with imported data; 3 scorecards can be automatically updated on a regular (e.g. quarterly) basis and trends tracked over time (with complete history available); 4 would include capability beyond which is previously addressed (but including 1-3)", "361"), ("362", "23", "Out-of-the-Box Scorecards", "Are there a number of scorecards that are available out of the box? Preferably built on best-practice, actionable, KPIs?", "1 basic templates by industry/category are available out of the box; 2 configurable templates that can be automatically populated from survey and imported data are available out of the box; 3 they can be programmed to automatically update over time using formula or KPI modifications more meaningful to the company; 4 would include capability beyond which is previously addressed (but including 1-3)", "362"), ("363", "23", "KPIs", "Does the platform support the definition of KPIs that can be used and re-used as needed in the creation of scorecards? Can they be defined formulaically on data elements or are they simply preselected / single value (populated from an external source)?", "1 built-in KPIs are supported; 2 the buyer may define basic KPIs using basic arithmetic operators and standard statistical functions (sum, average, etc.); 3 advanced KPI definition using multi-level KPI models and a range of mathematical functions is available; 4 would include capability beyond which is previously addressed (but including 1-3)", "363"), ("364", "23", "Out-of-the-Box", "How many KPIs are available out of the box? How extensive do they cover operational needs?", "1 basic spend KPIs; 2 basic operational KPIs; 3 a complete set of Sourcing and Finance KPIs that cover 95% of most clients needs, all easily modifiable by the client organization; 4 would include capability beyond which is previously addressed (but including 1-3)", "364"), ("365", "23", "Advanced Definition", "Does the platform allow the definition of KPIs based on nested measurements, advanced formulas, and rollups?", "1 just basic arithmetic and statistical functions; 2 advanced formulas; 3 multi-level models aggregating data across storage; 4 would include capability beyond which is previously addressed (but including 1-3)", "365"), ("366", "23", "Budget Management", "Does the tool support the creation and tracking of budgets and spend against budgets?", "1 budget definition and projected spend based on sourcing events; 2 budget definition and actual spend from accounting / P2P systems; 3 augmented with projected spend since last update based upon trends; 4 would include capability beyond which is previously addressed (but including 1-3); 4 would include capability beyond which is previously addressed (but including 1-3)", "366"), ("367", "23", "Finance Integration", "Does the tool integrate with one or more Finance platforms for extrication of budget and spend to date?", "1 flat-file integration; 2 standard AP/ERP integration through APIs; 3 real-time integration with daily update of budget and spend; 4 would include capability beyond which is previously addressed (but including 1-3)", "367"), ("368", "23", "Demand Management", "Does the platform contain any capability to support demand management?", "1 weekly/monthly demand projection import; 2 tracking of projection against demand; 3 prescriptive analytics via standard demand control strategies associated with the category; 4 would include capability beyond which is previously addressed (but including 1-3)", "368"), ("369", "24", "3rd Party Data Integration", "What is the capability to integrate 3rd party data feeds, preferably as needed, in real time, for updates as often as daily (if available), and how many feeds are integrated out-of-the-box?", "1 yes, but only those we currently support; 2 yes, through our API; 3 yes, and there is also native integration to the Risk Management applications provided by the data providers should the buying organization also have a license to those platforms; 4 would include capability beyond which is previously addressed (but including 1-3)", "369"), ("370", "24", "Scorecard Based Alerts/Notifications", "Does the platform allow for the creation of scorecard based alerts and the automatic notification of risk managers if a(n imported) metric drops below a threshold?", "1 yes, simple thresholds only; 2 yes, thresholds or significant changes; 3 yes, and also on total changes distilled by statistical normalizations, net promoter scores, etc. and the alerts can be resent down a chain if the first alerted does not respond; 4 would include capability beyond which is previously addressed (but including 1-3)", "370"), ("371", "24", "Trend Detection", "Can the platform track (upward or) downward trends that could indicate potential risks?", "1 yes, but the user has to define the trend magnitudes of interest; 2 yes, and the system can detect trends of interest based on statistical deviations from the norm; 3 yes, and the system can also detect potential issues using external benchmarks and anonymized performance across the providers client base; 4 would include capability beyond which is previously addressed (but including 1-3)", "371"), ("372", "24", "Event Monitoring", "What is the extent of event monitoring in the platform? Is it limited to external data feed integration, or does it support semantic monitoring of news sources? What about sentiment analysis and third party evaluations and projections? Are the technologies embedded or integrated 3rd party platforms (through APIs). To what extent, if any, is risk monitoring supported?", "1 yes, but keywords MUST be defined; 2 yes and the application can define keywords based on the current supply base and categories being sourced; 3 yes and the application can also detect potential risk based upon areas, known upstream requirements in sub-tiers, and so on; 4 would include capability beyond which is previously addressed (but including 1-3)", "372"), ("373", "25", "Issue Identification", "Does the platform allow the buyers to identify and track issues that need to be collected?", "1 yes, the senior byers may define issues for tracking; 2 yes, and the platform supports issue-based two-way communication and secure archival of all messaging; 3 yes, and full corrective action plans can be defined; 4 would include capability beyond which is previously addressed (but including 1-3); 4 would include capability beyond which is previously addressed (but including 1-3)", "373"), ("374", "25", "Collaborative Plan Creation", "Does the platform support collaborative, team-based, creation, including supplier representation, of corrective action plans and track acceptance of all parties?", "1 yes, the team communication message channel can be used to work out a corrective action plan; 2, yes, all parties can contribute to the creation of the plan, milestones, and required performance for resolution; 3 yes, and e-Signature integration allows for acceptance and secure sign-offs; 4 would include capability beyond which is previously addressed (but including 1-3)", "374"), ("375", "25", "Milestone Tracking", "Does it support the creation of milestones and the tracking, and verification, of progress by both parties?", "1 milestones can be defined and the buyer can record when they are met; 2 suppliers can submit regular progress updates and indicate when they believe a milestone has been reached, for confirmation by the buyer; 3 integration with project management and/or innovation management to allow for detailed plan creation, control, and progress tracking; 4 would include capability beyond which is previously addressed (but including 1-3)", "375"), ("376", "26", "Core Tech Platform", "Please describe your core software architecture? Is it a modern MVC architecture? What are the primary languages (C++/Java/Ruby) and technologies used?", "1 PHP code with limited formalized processes, development standards; 2 standard Java / C# stack with generally acceptable MVC separation; 3 fully normalized Java / C# stack with multi-database and multi-view layer support for scalability and back up and for extensive desktop and mobile interface support; 4 would include capability beyond which is previously addressed (but including 1-3)", "376"), ("377", "26", "SaaS / Cloud", "Please describe your cloud architecture (e.g., single-instance multi-tenant application run on a \'virtualized\' and elastic platform). Is your SaaS approach only true multi-tenant, or can separate app instances be maintained (e.g., residing with data on servers that can be run in different countries)? Explain your ability to support private/hybrid cloud that can physically partition customer-specific data as well as your adoption of cloud computing standards and components (e.g., using commercial IaaS platforms, open stack components, etc.) Please describe the platform and infrastructure \'stack\' used for your application/integration service. What Service Oriented Architecture (SOA) standards and features do you employ? Please break down your customer base and their deployment model (% public cloud, % private cloud, % on premise)", "1 = ASP in a cloud wrapper. 2 = standard one-size fits-all multitenant. 3 = customizable multi-tenant where each client can have their own view, restrict data to certain locales, have surge processing power dynamically added or dropped. 4 = the architecture supports load-balancing to specific single-use database instances or processing server instances so each client has a virtual single instance (would include other capability beyond which is previously addressed -- but including 1-3)", "377"), ("378", "26", "On-Premise Software Option", "Explain if there is an option for any part of the application or integration software to run on-premise behind the firewall? If you have such on-premise / \'private cloud\' capabilities, please describe how it works in conjunction with any \'public cloud\' application deployment models you support", "1 \"we install, and when you want an update, you call\"; 2 standard patch upgrade support (like previous MS non-forced update strategy); 3 dynamic pull from master image on an update server that auto detects version and runs all of the update scripts sequentially with each patch application; 4 would include capability beyond which is previously addressed (but including 1-3)", "378"), ("379", "26", "Mobile Support", "Explain the use of mobile technology within your solutions overall and your roadmap for future mobile adoption. What percentage of system interactions today are driven by mobile clients? 2015? 2016? Forecast 2017?", "1 limited, email-like approvals and simple request views only for the buyer; 2 decent - event status and data viewing, simple reports, and commenting for the buyer and invitation viewing, issue notification, and bidding for the supplier; 3 extensive - pretty much any data that can be viewed/entered on a mobile device can be viewed/entered; 4 where the vendor has found novel ways to do more with mobile than their peers", "379"), ("380", "26", "Block Chain Support", "Explain the use of block chain technology within your solutions or plans to deploy block chain in future releases. Are you working with a customer advisory council in this area, and if so, what is their willingness to support a distributed ledger model?", "1 we are using our own blockchain; 2 we are using a third party blockchain; 3 we are using a third party that is building a block chain on a distributed open standard; 4 would include capability beyond which is previously addressed (but including 1-3)", "380"), ("381", "26", "OCR Support", "Explain the use of OCR/Scanning technology within your solutions (if used) and roadmap plans", "1 basic integration with a third party platform - documents can be submitted in a multitude of image formats and hypertext is returned; 2 inline integration, and side-by-side image and text comparison for corrections; 3 integrated AI to automatically detect and correct OCR errors; 4 would include capability beyond which is previously addressed (but including 1-3)", "381"), ("382", "26", "Intelligent Apps", "Explain the use of \"intelligent apps\" within your solutions. Examples include: Siri, Alexa, Google, etc. Do you work with partners in this area?", "1 = We integrate a third party app. 2 = we integrate a third party app that we have trained on sourcing and procurement terminology and workflows. 3 = we have developed our own intelligent app infrastructure and trained it on our platform and sourcing workflows. 4 = would include capability beyond which is previously addressed (but including 1-3)", "382"), ("383", "26", "Personalization Technology", "Describe your ability to customize/tailor terminology to business-specific terminology using data dictionaries or other approaches", "1 simple phrase mapping file for menu options; 2 replacement rules for menus, workflows, help files, etc.; 3 multi-lingual personalization options for global deployments; 4 would include capability beyond which is previously addressed (but including 1-3)", "383"), ("384", "26", "Open Standards", "Describe your support for open standards, particularly surrounding document/data standards. How this has been developed / implemented? Are you working with / driving any standards-body initiatives? Do you provide a platform that enables others to develop or co-develop capabilities? Do you provide a platform for supplier to integrate their financial and accounting systems through a standards-driven environment?", "1 = we support XML and EDI. 2 = we support a number of standard natively including docx, pdf, and other formats our customer organizations use on a daily basis. 3 = we support a whole host of file exchange standards between ERP, Accounting, and other enterprise systems. 4 = would include capability beyond which is previously addressed (but including 1-3)", "384"), ("385", "26", "Integrations", "Describe typical (and atypical) system integration options. Describe how the platform and service provider handles multiple instances. For example, if an organization has multiple ERPs but wants a shared Procurement/Sourcing/Analytics/etc. deployment, do you typically deploy a single instance of your software for them, or typically multiple instances? Describe any integrations not addressed below.", "1 custom coding; 2 API integration; 3 a plethora of out-of-the-box integrations based on our complete and 100% open API and open vendor APIs; 4 would include capability beyond which is previously addressed (but including 1-3)", "385"), ("386", "26", "ERP", "Describe the out-of-the-box ERP integrations supported, how configurable they are, whether they are real-time, and other relevant factors", "1 = just Oracle and SAP, through regular flat file uploads. 2 = a host of standard ERP through API integration and daily updates. 3 = extensive ERP integration with real-time updates, push/pull against data masters. 4 = would include capability beyond which is previously addressed (but including 1-3)", "386"), ("387", "26", "P2P", "Describe out-of-the-box P2P and related technology integrations, how configurable they are, whether they are real-time, and other relevant factors", "1 = just Ariba and Coupa, through regular flat file dumps. 2 = a host of standard P2P through API integration and daily updates. 3 = extensive P2P integration with real-time updates, push/pull against data masters. 4 = would include capability beyond which is previously addressed (but including 1-3)", "387"), ("388", "26", "Other", "Describe other relevant, best-of-breed, systems that the platform integrates with and the extent of the integration", ">> scoring will be relative against other responses <<", "388"), ("389", "26", "Fine Grained Role/Data/Action Based Security", "How fine grained is the role/data/action based security options on the platform and how configurable are they?", "1 pre-defined roles; 2 pre-defined roles with edit options selectable by roles; 3 role sub-classes which are modifications of basic roles, possibly for a single user; 4 roles can be defined not just by selections, but on data views or particular workflows", "389"), ("390", "27", "Sourcing Process", "Describe your approach to customized Sourcing Process configuration as well as both basic and advanced configuration scenarios. Approaches could be based on users, departments, commodities, roles, content groups, approval steps, delegated approvals, units of measure, custom fields, accounts, chart of accounts, invoice tolerances, receiving tolerances, budget periods, payment terms, etc. Describe if there is a limit to the number of configurations included (e.g., # of fields, forms etc). If so, what is the limit? Describe how your solution supports both single and multiple categorizations and/or accounting structures. Describe the process for configuring custom fields/web forms (and what are the limitations/constraints in terms of what can be enabled).", "1 we have a standard workflow where you can (de)select elements; 2 we have a workflow builder where you can select the functions/modules you want in the order you want; 3 we support advanced configurations that can be based off of category/industry templates, include modifiable event-specific workflows, detailed approval processes, verification and issue escalation rules, and so on; 4 would include capability beyond which is previously addressed (but including 1-3)", "390"), ("391", "27", "Workflow", "Describe the extent of workflow configuration across the modules and functionality and any integrated third party applications.", "1 select or deselect standard modules; 2 can be defined down to the function level with optional inclusion of steps using simple rules; 3 advanced rule support across functions, data, users, and event status/approvals; 4 would include capability beyond which is previously addressed (but including 1-3)", "391"), ("392", "27", "Configurable Rules", "Describe the extent of rule creation across the workflow and within the modules and functions.", "1 on/off based on a threshold; 2 formula/regex based rules on standard data elements; 3 process/time driven rules that underlie the entire workflow and alert/notification system; 4 would include capability beyond which is previously addressed (but including 1-3)", "392"), ("393", "27", "Team Management", "Describe the extent of team management across the platform and the integration with fine-grained roles/action based security.", "1 team members can be defined and system roles assigned; 2 team members can be assigned to specific tasks/modules steps; 3 specific security can be defined on a team-member/task basis; 4 would include capability beyond which is previously addressed (but including 1-3)", "393"), ("394", "27", "Project Integration", "Describe the integration of each module/function with the overall project management capability of the platform or an integrated platform?", "1 modules can be associated with milestones; 2 project status auto-updates as key workflow steps complete or supplier submissions accepted; 3 complete integration and project plans can be updated mid-project by users with authority to do so; 4 would include capability beyond which is previously addressed (but including 1-3)", "394"), ("395", "27", "Globalization", "Describe the globalization capabilities, paying particular attention to capabilities beyond multi-currency and multi-lingual", "1 host in a regional data center at client request; 2 support for specific e-Signature / e-Notification rules of the countries in which customers deploy; 3 support variable workflows that tailor themselves to the locale of execution; 4 would include capability beyond which is previously addressed (but including 1-3)", "395"), ("396", "27", "Multi-Currency", "Describe your support for multiple currencies and supporting functionality for conversions, rounding, etc. Describe how external currency tables are used (e.g., automated conversions, manual, third-party only or if internal master tables are supported, etc.)", "1 a single currency conversion table; 2 integrated currency feed which updates daily; 3 rules-based conversion based on currency and payment type (i.e. 2.5% conversion fee on the P-card, etc.); 4 would include capability beyond which is previously addressed (but including 1-3)", "396"), ("397", "27", "Multi-Lingual", "Describe your support for multiple languages and for instruction / communication translation. Describe how third parties are used to support translation efforts", "1 flat file menu mappings for a small set of languages; 2 dynamic mappings of menu options and help text based on standard translations and regional linguistic variances; 3 override features that allow a buyer to override mappings on documents / menu options being shared with a supplier; 4 would include capability beyond which is previously addressed (but including 1-3)", "397"), ("398", "27", "Business User Configuration", "To what extent are (out-of-the-box) configuration options available for business users?", NULL, "398"), ("399", "27", "Manager Configuration", "To what extent are (out-of-the-box) configuration options available for managers?", NULL, "399"), ("400", "27", "Stakeholder Configuration", "To what extent are (out-of-the-box) configuration options available for stakeholders?", NULL, "400"), ("401", "27", "Vendor/Consultant Configuration", "To what extent are (out-of-the-box) configuration options available for vendors/consultant/partners?", NULL, "401"), ("402", "28", "Data Management Services", "Describe your ability to natively (or through partners) aggregate, cleanse, classify, enrich, and harmonize existing data to make it timely and accurate to drive sourcing, category management and strategic sourcing efforts. Describe existing abilities to also validate data against external sources (tax authorities, prohibited/denied parties lists, certifying ISO authorities, etc.)", NULL, "402"), ("403", "28", "Category Specific Consulting", "Describe your ability to do category / industry specific consulting in various stages of strategic sourcing projects.", NULL, "403"), ("404", "28", "Spend/Opportunity Analysis", "Describe your ability to do detailed spend / opportunity analysis across categories / industries / geographies, within and outside of the platform you provide.", NULL, "404"), ("405", "28", "Sourcing Events (managed RFX/Auction/Optimization)", "Describe your ability to do managed sourcing events on behalf of your client.", NULL, "405"), ("406", "28", "Risk Identification and Management", "Describe your ability to do risk identification, analysis, tracking, and mitigation across the platform.", NULL, "406"), ("407", "28", "Managed Services / Co-Sourcing / Outsourcing", "Describe any BPO partner deployments outside of supporting customers that are hosted in your native cloud instance. Describe your ability to support business process related services or information/intelligence services in areas such as risk management, compliance (e.g., supplier audits), market intelligence, etc.", NULL, "407"), ("408", "28", "Consulting / Change Management", "Describe the depth of your professional services teams and partner professional services firms to assist in operational/IT strategy, implementation planning, and implementation execution (process re-design, system tailoring/customization, testing, training, post implementation support, etc.) How many internal FTEs are on your team in this area? How many partner FTEs are certified in total (if a certification program exists)? How many partner FTEs are trained (outside of a formal certification program)?", NULL, "408"), ("409", "29", "Schema Support (general)", "How extensive is the schema support? Is it fixed, or can it be customer defined? Are there any limits on size? Can multiple schemas be supported? Simultaneously?", NULL, "409"), ("410", "29", "Schema Support (out-of-the-box)", "What schemas are supported out of the box? How many are standard? How many are built on industry / category expertise? Are they customizable?", NULL, "410"), ("411", "29", "Schema Support (custom)", "What is the extent of custom schema creation and how easy is it for the customer to define their own schemas? Is there a suite of templates to start from? Are validation rules supported?", NULL, "411"), ("412", "29", "Schema Support (multi)", "To what extent can the solution support multiple schemas simultaneously, supporting multiple views and multiple cubes?", NULL, "412"), ("413", "29", "Cube Capability", "How easy is it for the customer organization to define multiple cubes on any and all dimensions of interest, create derived and roll-up dimensions, and share those cubes?", NULL, "413"), ("414", "29", "Familying/Normalization", "To what extent does the solution support familying of suppliers, products, and other entities that need to be familied and related in the solution? To what extent can multiple instances of the same entity be normalized to one?", NULL, "414"), ("415", "29", "Formula Support", "How extensive is the formula support for creating ranged and derived dimensions, creating (roll-up) reports, and creating classification/cleansing rules?", NULL, "415"), ("416", "29", "Rule/Knowledge Model Editor", "How extensible is the rule and/or model editor? Can it be used to create cleansing, classification, and normalization rules as well as schemas, cubes, and reports? Does it support advanced formula for calculations and reg-ex for text-based formulas and cleansing rules?", NULL, "416"), ("417", "30", "ETL (Extract / Transform / Load)", "How extensive is the extract-transform-load functionality in the tool?", NULL, "417"), ("418", "30", "Out of the box ERP integrations", "How many ERP integrations are available out-of-the-box? How extensive are these integrations? How easy is it to add more ERPs through the API?", NULL, "418"), ("419", "30", "Source-to-Pay Integrations (out-of-the-box )", "How many S2P integrations are available out-of-the-box? How extensive are these integrations? How easy is it to add more S2Ps through the API?", NULL, "419"), ("420", "30", "Rules Set", "To what extent can rule sets be defined that do automatic cleansing, enrichment, and even classification during load? How powerful are the rules? Can they be ordered (uniquely or in groups) to prevent conflicts? Can conflicts be detected (and reordering suggestions offered to prevent conflicts)?", NULL, "420"), ("421", "30", "Rule Groups (including reg-ex / formula support)", "Can these rules be organized into groups? Can the groups be selected as needed? Can alternate groups be created and selected for what-if analysis on temporary/throwaway cubes? Can the rules be ordered and prioritized within the group?", NULL, "421"), ("422", "30", "Enrich", "How extensive are the enrichment options available out of the box? Does the solution come with a large database of known, clean, and enriched supplier and product records? What about services? What about support for bill of materials?", NULL, "422"), ("423", "30", "3rd Party Data Feed Integrations (out-of-the-box)", "Does the solution integrate with 3rd party data feeds out of the box? Can additional 3rd party data feeds be added easily through an API? How extensible are the rules to make sure the right data is selected for the right records?", NULL, "423"), ("424", "30", "Multi-Source Cross-Joins", "Does the solutions support multi-source cross-joins to make sure only the needed data is imported and the right data matched based on values from multiple sources, joined on common, cleansed fields? How extensible are these cross-joins?", NULL, "424"), ("425", "30", "Classification / Categorization", "How extensive, and useable, are the classification and categorization capability? Can rules be defined and map data in real-time? Can they be modified quickly and easily? Can their impact be analyzed before they are committed?", NULL, "425"), ("426", "30", "Manual Support", "Describe the depth of support for manual data classification and categorization. How easy is it to accomplish the task manually? Do rules have to be defined in a formula or language? Can they be identified from a user-defined set of data? Can they be modified from templates?", NULL, "426"), ("427", "30", "Arbitrary Dimensions in Rules", "Does the mapping functionality support the classification and/or categorization of rules based on arbitrary dimensions? Can the mapping be done by formulas, value sets, regular expressions, or a combination of -- applied to arbitrary dimensions?", NULL, "427"), ("428", "30", "Collaboration", "Can the classification and collaboration be done in a collaborative fashion, or is it limited to one user creating one rule set for the (master) cube? If collaboration classification is supported, can multiple users share the same view, and work on the data on the same time, or are they limited to individual views, and must classify in succession?", NULL, "428"), ("429", "30", "Query Capability", "Can the classification be accomplished using queries that specify subsets of the data as opposed to static, complicated, regex rule sets? How advanced is the query capability that can be supported?", NULL, "429"), ("430", "30", "AI", "Does the solution support AI / AR algorithms and techniques for automated classification and categorization? If so, what types? How advanced? What is the typical accuracy on a first pass before extensive training takes place on the client\'s data set? How large of a training set is required and how long does it take to get to 90%? 95%? 98%+ for auto classification. How easy is it to do manual overrides and fix mapping errors?", NULL, "430"), ("431", "30", "Hybrid", "Does the solution support hybrid classification where a user can augment auto-classification with manual classification and categorization? Can the user first define domain-specific knowledge models which are used to aid in the auto classification and categorization? Do these models evolve and learn over time as manual classification corrections are made to correct auto-classification? Can the corrections happen in real time?", NULL, "431"), ("432", "30", "Data Integrity Analytics", "Does the solution support data integrity analytics that can analyze the quality and completeness and likely correctness of the data being loaded?", NULL, "432"), ("433", "30", "Outlier Identification", "Can the solution automatically detect outlier data and bring it to the attention of the user? Be it a value (dollar amount, unit count, etc.), a time (too far from an expected range), a location, etc. -- anything not consistent with the bulk of the data (and the typical clusters)?", NULL, "433"), ("434", "30", "Statistical Analysis / Frequency Mapping", "What is the degree of built-in statistical analysis that can be applied to the data to get a general sense of completeness, correctness, and categorization accuracy? Is one limited to check-sums or can entire array of statically techniques be applied?", NULL, "434"), ("435", "30", "Sliding Time-Scale", "Does the solution support a sliding time-scale that allows the data integrity analysis to be restricted to a user-defined range (to zero in on potential issues and correct them)? If so, can the sliding be done in real time or do the windows have to be defined and the cube(s)/view(s) reloaded with every definition / change?", NULL, "435"), ("436", "30", "VAR: Visualize, Analyze, Report", "What is the extent of the visualization, analysis, and reporting capability in the tool?", NULL, "436"), ("437", "30", "Filter Support", "Do the reports support (real-time) filter definition and application? If so, are the filters limited to a fixed set of dimensions or can they be defined on any dimensions? Do they support ranged / derived dimensions?", NULL, "437"), ("438", "30", "Formula / Derived Dimension Support", "How extensive is the formula support in the creation of dimensions, filters, and views?", NULL, "438"), ("439", "30", "Extent of Charting / Graphing Capability", "How extensive is the charting and graphing capability? Is it basic pie charts, bar charts, and other standard Excel fare, or does it support treemaps, scheniderman diagrams, extensive, modern, 3D graph capabilities, and so on?", NULL, "439"), ("440", "30", "Extent of Report Definition / Building", "How extensive and powerful is the report building and definition capability? Is it limited to just modification of templates or can new templates be built? Are the reports limited to pre-defined dimensions, or can they be defined on any dimensions? Is the full range of formulaic support provided?", NULL, "440"), ("441", "30", "ETD (extract / transform / dump)", "How extensive is the extract / transform / dump capability for exporting data (and pushing it into other systems)?", NULL, "441"), ("442", "30", "Flat File / FTP", "Does the system support flat-file exports in necessary formats and auto-push to FTP sites where other systems can upload the files from the FTP to import?", NULL, "442"), ("443", "30", "Real-Time Integration", "To what extent does it support integration to third party systems that it needs to push raw / cleansed / summarized data too? Is there a full-featured API? How difficult is it to configure?", NULL, "443"), ("444", "31", "Advanced Analytics", "If you are unsure of the difference between descriptive, predictive, prescriptive, and permissive analytics, see the following posts:", NULL, "444"), ("445", "31", "Predictive Analytics", "Does the platform support predictive analytics? To what extent? Please describe.", NULL, "445"), ("446", "31", "Prescriptive Analytics", "Does the tool support prescriptive analytics that can analyze current market conditions, organizational demands, and projected trends and guide the user into the identification of an appropriate category for sourcing and/or the selection of the appropriate sourcing event type and template among multiple built-in options built by industry experts? Can it assist with demand management? Lean Process Improvements? To what extent? Please describe.", "1 would be the capability of general advice based on general measurements or comparisons; 2 would be the inclusion of more specific advice on a category / project basis; 3 is the ability to adapt the recommendations and workflow based on current market conditions; 4 would be based on, and include, advanced statistical modelling/simulation/optimization models; etc.", "446"), ("447", "31", "Permissive Analytics", "Does the platform support permissive analytics? To what extent? Please describe.", NULL, "447"), ("448", "31", "Scorecards", "Does the platform support scorecards? If so, to what extent? Is the creation mechanism as complete and extensible as it is for reports? Is the full range of formula definition supported? Can scorecards be filtered and drilled-down to the same extent as a report dashboard?", NULL, "448"), ("449", "31", "Template Library", "Does the platform come with a template library of scorecards? If so, how extensive is it?", NULL, "449"), ("450", "31", "KPIs", "Does the platform support the definition of KPIs that can be used and re-used as needed in the creation of scorecards? Can they be defined formulaically on data elements or are they simply preselected / single value (populated from an external source)?", NULL, "450"), ("451", "31", "KPI Library", "Does the platform come with a library of KPIs that can be used in the construction of scorecards?", NULL, "451"), ("452", "31", "Benchmarks", "Does the platform support the calculation and/or integration of benchmarks? Can these benchmarks be used to support the calculation of overhead / internal production costs not easily obtainable from market data? Can they be performance based as well as cost based? If so, describe the type (industry, category, performance, etc.) and the extent?", "1 is support for benchmarks; 2 is integration with benchmarks; 3 is real-time updates based to should cost models based on benchmarks; 4 would include capability beyond which is previously addressed (but including 1-3)", "452"), ("453", "31", "Internal", "Describe the extent of internal benchmarks supported by the platform. What is the extent of out of the box support for internal benchmarks? Are they dynamically updated over time?", NULL, "453"), ("454", "31", "External", "Describe the extent of external benchmarks supported by the platform. What 3rd party feeds are integrated and how often are the external benchmarks updated?", NULL, "454"), ("455", "31", "Cost Avoidance / Opportunity Program Management", "Describe the ability of the toolset to create and maintain cost avoidance / opportunity programs and manage those over time.", NULL, "455"), ("456", "32", "Out-of-the-Box Sourcing Support", "What is the extent of out-of-the-box sourcing support provided in terms of opportunity analysis and bid analysis? Reports? Scorecards? Benchmarks? Predictive/Prescriptive Analytics? Please describe in detail.", NULL, "456"), ("457", "32", "Out-of-the-Box Procurement Support", "What is the extent of out-of-the-box procurement support for purchase order, invoice, and similar analysis? Reports? Scorecards? Benchmarks? Outlier/Risk Analytics? Please describe in detail.", NULL, "457"), ("458", "32", "Out-of-the-Box Travel & Expense Support", "What is the extent of out-of-the-box T&E support for travel, expense, and p-card analysis? Reports? Scorecards? Benchmarks? Outlier/Risk Analytics? Please describe in detail.", NULL, "458"), ("459", "32", "Out-of-the-Box Finance Support", "What is the extent of out-of-the-box finance support with respect to, but not limited to, payment, working capital, cash-flow, and discount analysis? Scorecards? Reports? Benchmarks? Predictive Analytics? Risk Analytics? Please describe in detail.", NULL, "459"), ("460", "32", "Out-of-the-Box Product (Lifecycle) Support", "What is the extent of out-of-the-box support for product lifecycle management, bill of materials management, raw material analysis, etc.? Scorecards? Reports? Benchmarks? Drilldown analytics? Predictive analytics? Risk Analytics? Please describe in detail.", NULL, "460"), ("461", "32", "Out-of-the-Box Services Support", "What is the extent of out-of-the-box support for services analysis? Scorecards? Reports? Benchmarks? Predictive Analytics? Prescriptive Analytics? Compliance Analytics? Please describe in detail.", NULL, "461"), ("462", "32", "Out-of-the-Box CWM Support", "What is the extent of out-of-the-box support for CWM (Contingent Worker Management) analysis? Scorecards? Reports? Benchmarks? Predictive Analytics? Prescriptive Analytics? Compliance Analytics? Please describe in detail.", NULL, "462"), ("463", "32", "Out-of-the-Box Logistics Support", "What is the extent of out-of-the-box logistics analytics? Scorecards? Reports? Benchmarks? Predictive Analytics? Prescriptive Analytics? Please describe in detail.", NULL, "463"), ("464", "32", "Out-of-the-Box Inventory/MRO Support", "What is the extent of out-of-the-box inventory/MRO analytics? Scorecards? Reports? Benchmarks? Predictive Analytics? Prescriptive Analytics? Please describe in detail.", NULL, "464"), ("465", "32", "Out-of-the-Box Supplier Analysis Support", "What is the extent of out-of-the-box supplier analytics? Scorecards? Reports? Benchmarks? Predictive Analytics? Prescriptive Analytics? Trend Analysis? Please describe in detail.", NULL, "465"), ("466", "32", "Out-of-the-Box Risk Management Support", "What is the extent of out-of-the-box risk analysis? Scorecards? Reports? Benchmarks? Predictive Analytics? Prescriptive Analytics? And across what functions can the risk management be applied? Please describe in detail.", NULL, "466"), ("467", "33", "3rd Party BI Integration", "What is the extent of integration with 3rd Party BI tools? Is there an API? Is there out-of-the-box integration with market leading tools like Tableau or QlikView? Is the integration bi-directional allowing for easy push-and-pull of data?", NULL, "467"), ("468", "33", "SaaS / Cloud", "Please describe your cloud architecture (e.g., single-instance multi-tenant application run on a \'virtualized\' and elastic platform). Is your SaaS approach only true multi-tenant, or can separate app instances be maintained (e.g., residing with data on servers that can be run in different countries)? Explain your ability to support private/hybrid cloud that can physically partition customer-specific data as well as your adoption of cloud computing standards and components (e.g., using commercial IaaS platforms, open stack components, etc.) Please describe the platform and infrastructure \'stack\' used for your application/integration service. What Service Oriented Architecture (SOA) standards and features do you employ? Please break down your customer base and their deployment model (% public cloud, % private cloud, % on premise)", "1 = ASP in a cloud wrapper. 2 = standard one-size fits-all multitenant. 3 = customizable multi-tenant where each client can have their own view, restrict data to certain locales, have surge processing power dynamically added or dropped. 4 = the architecture supports load-balancing to specific single-use database instances or processing server instances so each client has a virtual single instance (would include other capability beyond which is previously addressed -- but including 1-3)", "468"), ("469", "33", "On-Premise Software Option", "Explain if there is an option for any part of the application or integration software to run on-premise behind the firewall? If you have such on-premise / \'private cloud\' capabilities, please describe how it works in conjunction with any \'public cloud\' application deployment models you support", "1 \"we install, and when you want an update, you call\"; 2 standard patch upgrade support (like previous MS non-forced update strategy); 3 dynamic pull from master image on an update server that auto detects version and runs all of the update scripts sequentially with each patch application; 4 would include capability beyond which is previously addressed (but including 1-3)", "469"), ("470", "33", "AI / Machine Learning", "Please describe the degree of AI / Machine Learning with a focus on capabilities outside of cleansing and categorization, predictive, and prescriptive analytics (as this should have been covered in detail in previous tabs). Focus on the ability to integrate with arbitrary data streams and/or other business / supply management applications to apply the AI capabilities to non out-of-the-box functions.", NULL, "470"), ("471", "33", "Big Data", "To what extent does the platform support \"big data\"? How scalable is it? How much control over separation and data store mapping does the buyer have?", NULL, "471"), ("472", "33", "Block chain", "Explain the use of block chain technology within your solutions or plans to deploy block chain in future releases. What type of block chain capabilities are you actively researching and/or developing (e.g., \"smart contracts\")? Are you working with a customer advisory council in this area, and if so, what is their willingness to support a distributed ledger model?", NULL, "472"), ("473", "33", "Mobile", "Explain the use of mobile technology within your solutions overall and your roadmap for future mobile adoption. Please highlight how you support mobile users (e.g., responsive design to work across all devices or mobile app for basic functionality like approvals). What percentage of system interactions today are driven by mobile clients? What do you forecast for the next 12 months? 24 months?", "1 = limited, email-like approvals and simple request views only for the buyer. 2 = decent - event status and data viewing, simple reports, and commenting for the buyer and invitation viewing, issue notification, and bidding for the supplier. 3 = extensive (i.e., pretty much any data that can be viewed/entered on a mobile device can be viewed/entered). 4 = where you have found novel ways to do more with mobile than their peers (e.g., full mobile-enabled chat infrastructure that can capture requests and input via chat)", "473"), ("474", "33", "Semi-Structured / Unstructured Data", "What is the extent of support for semi-structured and unstructured data in the platform, especially from an analytics standpoint? Please describe in detail!", NULL, "474"), ("475", "33", "OCR", "Explain the use of OCR/Scanning technology within your solutions (if used) and roadmap plans. Focus on the ability to covert data to semi-structured and structured data that can be normalized, cleansed, categorized, enriched, and used for workflow management and/or new types of analytics previously unavailable to the business.", NULL, "475"), ("476", "33", "Intelligent Apps", "Explain the use of \"intelligent apps\" within your solutions. Examples include: Siri, Alexa, Google, etc. Do you work with partners in this area? By this, we don\'t mean AI/AR for cleansing / categorization / enrichment or predictive / prescriptive analytics, but AI that can guide a user down a meaningful analytics path, simplify the user experience while enhancing it, or other non-standard applications of AI/AR in spend analysis.", NULL, "476"), ("477", "33", "Personalization", "Describe your ability to customize/tailor terminology to business-specific terminology using data dictionaries or other approaches", "1 = simple phrase mapping file for menu options. 2 = replacement rules for menus, workflows, help files, etc. 3 = multi-lingual personalization options for global deployments. 4 = would include capability beyond which is previously addressed (but including 1-3)", "477"), ("478", "33", "Open Standards", "Describe your support for open standards, particularly surrounding document/data standards. How this has been developed / implemented? Are you working with / driving any standards-body initiatives? Do you provide a platform that enables others to develop or co-develop capabilities? Do you provide a platform for supplier to integrate their financial and accounting systems through a standards-driven environment?", "1 = we support XML and EDI. 2 = we support a number of standard natively including docx, pdf, and other formats our customer organizations use on a daily basis. 3 = we support a whole host of file exchange standards between ERP, Accounting, and other enterprise systems. 4 = would include capability beyond which is previously addressed (but including 1-3)", "478"), ("479", "33", "Integrations", "Describe typical (and atypical) system integration options. Describe how the platform and service provider handles multiple instances. For example, if an organization has multiple ERPs but wants a shared Procurement/Sourcing/Analytics/etc. deployment, do you typically deploy a single instance of your software for them, or typically multiple instances? Describe any integrations not addressed below.", "1 custom coding; 2 API integration; 3 a plethora of out-of-the-box integrations based on our complete and 100% open API and open vendor APIs; 4 would include capability beyond which is previously addressed (but including 1-3)", "479"), ("480", "33", "Fine-Grained Role/Data/Action Based Security", "How fine grained is the role/data/action based security options on the platform and how configurable are they?", NULL, "480"), ("481", "34", "Company/Function/Group Configuration", "What capabilities are there for configuring the application, and cubes, at multiple levels of views and hierarchies? Can a default view be created at the company level that can then be customized or overridden by department or function and then customized and overridden again by sub-group or user focused on specific functions? Can the user toggle between multiple configurations and views? Can the configuration be done at the user level or is it group / admin level only?", NULL, "481"), ("482", "34", "Private vs. Public Workspaces", "What is the capability to create private vs. public read-only vs. public shared workspaces. The key to a successful analysis is being able to go off the rails, follow instincts, build throw-away cubes, views, and reports, and explore the unexplored. This requires private workspaces. Or, if the team is trying to look cross-category to find raw materials it could buy cheaper on behalf of the supply base, collaborative semi-private public workspaces limited to a small group. If great results are found, then you want to flip those workspaces into public read-only to share results and findings as part of a presentation on why you want to change standard procedures, categorizations, or application views. Flexibility here is key.", NULL, "482"), ("483", "34", "Built in vs. External Visualization", "Is the visualization capability native, built on a third party tool (like QlikView or Tableau), or hybrid? If hybrid, what\'s the split? How does it compare to the standard offerings and typical customer expectations? Any new, innovative, capabilities like 3D terrain maps, solar system plots, etc.?", NULL, "483"), ("484", "34", "Business Rules / Workflow", "Please describe the ability for users to create rule-driven analytics workflows (as opposed to rule-driven cleansing, classification, enrichment, and report)? I.e., standard processes to follow when importing, analyzing for integrity, checksum balancing, and initially reporting on, and analyzing, a new data set? Processes for creating custom cubes and views? Cost avoidance program creation and maintenance? Etc.", NULL, "484"), ("485", "34", "Globalization", "Describe the globalization capabilities, paying particular attention to capabilities beyond multi-currency and multi-lingual", "1 host in a regional data center at client request; 2 support for specific e-Signature / e-Notification rules of the countries in which customers deploy; 3 support variable workflows that tailor themselves to the locale of execution; 4 would include capability beyond which is previously addressed (but including 1-3)", "485"), ("486", "34", "Multi-Currency", "Describe your support for multiple currencies and supporting functionality for conversions, rounding, etc. Describe how external currency tables are used (e.g., automated conversions, manual, third-party only or if internal master tables are supported, etc.)", "1 a single currency conversion table; 2 integrated currency feed which updates daily; 3 rules-based conversion based on currency and payment type (i.e. 2.5% conversion fee on the P-card, etc.); 4 would include capability beyond which is previously addressed (but including 1-3)", "486"), ("487", "34", "Multi-Lingual", "Describe your support for multiple languages and for instruction / communication translation. Describe how third parties are used to support translation efforts", "1 flat file menu mappings for a small set of languages; 2 dynamic mappings of menu options and help text based on standard translations and regional linguistic variances; 3 override features that allow a buyer to override mappings on documents / menu options being shared with a supplier; 4 would include capability beyond which is previously addressed (but including 1-3)", "487"), ("488", "35", "Implementation / Integration / Maintenance Services", "To what extent do you offer basic platform implementation / integration / maintenance services?", NULL, "488"), ("489", "35", "ETL / Cleansing / Classification / Categorization", "Describe the extent of your ETL, cleansing, classification, and categorization data services. Describe the expertise that you have here, the industries you are experienced in, and the categories you specialize in. Describe your average mapping accuracy after a first pass before the first client input and how long (and how many man-hours) it takes to get to 90%, 95%, and 99% accuracy. How do you work in \"new industries\" or new categories? How should accuracy expectations change with new clients in new markets?", NULL, "489"), ("490", "35", "Data Management Services", "Describe your on-going data management services -- including refresh, regular cleansing and enrichment, ongoing familying and normalization, etc.", NULL, "490"), ("491", "35", "Analytics / Data Science", "Describe your analytics and data science services. Do you offer opportunity identification, deep category analytics, risk analytics, performance analytics, etc.? How specialized are you in each area? What are your typical successes. Please attach at least one case study per specialized area.", NULL, "491"), ("492", "35", "Category / Project Management", "Describe your offer ongoing category project / program management and related sourcing / supplier management services on the category for your clients? How deep? Average cost avoidance / value generation? What categories do you excel at? Typical cost avoidance / value generation related to market average?", NULL, "492"), ("493", "35", "Consulting / Change Management", "Describe the depth of your professional services teams and partner professional services firms to assist in operational/IT strategy, implementation planning, and implementation execution (process re-design, system tailoring/customization, testing, training, post implementation support, etc.) How many internal FTEs are on your team in this area? How many partner FTEs are certified in total (if a certification program exists)? How many partner FTEs are trained (outside of a formal certification program)?", NULL, "493"), ("494", "36", "Schema Support", "Please describe the depth of supplier information management schema support in the application, including out-of-the-box schemas, schema creation capability, a multitude of data formats, verification rules, etc.", NULL, "494"), ("495", "36", "Supplier Information (industry codes)", "Please describe the depth of out-of-the-box support for supplier information management by industry against standard, global, industry codes", NULL, "495"), ("496", "36", "Product / Service Information (e.g., UNSPSC)", "Please describe the depth of out-of-the-box support for standard product codes including, but not limited to, UNSPSC, H(T)S, etc.", NULL, "496"), ("497", "36", "Multi-Source Integration", "Please describe the depth of multi-data-source integration including, but not limited to, ERPs, other MDM systems, other Supply Management systems, etc.", NULL, "497"), ("498", "36", "Multi-Source Federation Control", "Please describe the depth of distributed MDM capabilities. Can the MDM system control other MDM systems for distributed master data management across the systems for each type of data (corporate information, product information, operational information, etc.)", NULL, "498"), ("499", "36", "Fine Grained Access / Permission Control", "Please describe the level of fine-grained access control implemented by the MDM system. Is it table level, record level, or field level - and how many roles can be defined? Can permissions be defined by queries?", NULL, "499"), ("500", "36", "Form Support", "What level of form, and form construction, support is included in the solution? Can users create any form, and conditional workflow, that they need to capture all of the necessary data?", NULL, "500"), ("501", "36", "Data Archival and Auditing", "Can the solution maintain the complete edit history of every data element in the system, including who made the change, when, and what their role was at the time?", NULL, "501"), ("502", "36", "Document and Version Management", "Can the solution also serve as an advanced document management solution and maintain a detailed document and version history with complete and customizable metadata (history)?", NULL, "502"), ("503", "36", "OCR and Automatic (meta-data) Indexing", "Does the solution include, or integrate with, an OCR solution to automatically convert scanned and image documents into text for complete in-document searching and indexing?", NULL, "503"), ("504", "37", "Supplier (Pre) Registration", "To what degree does the platform support supplier (pre) registration? This is including, but not limited to invitation management, self-registration, and SIC support. For example, can profiles be imported from supplier networks, expressions of interest be submitted to general category calls, and the system pre-loaded with supplier records from other enterprise systems?", NULL, "504"), ("505", "37", "Invitation Management", "To what degree is invitation management, possibly as part of supplier onboarding campaigns, in particular supported? Can campaigns be set-up for easy supplier response? Can invitations be sent out over multiple channels? Can they be automatically resent as reminders? Can buyers be notified when a supplier has seen or responded? Can the buyer controll the onboarding of the suppliers at every distinct, logical, step?", "1 timed e-mails; 2 time offline (e-)fax and phone campaigns; 3 integration with supplier self-registration; 4 would include capability beyond which is previously addressed (but including 1-3)", "505"), ("506", "37", "Self-Registration", "Does the platform support, and how extensible is, the supplier self-registration process? Does it support conditional workflows that lead the supplier down the appropriate paths to capture the relevant information, documentation, certifications, and customer/industry references?", "1 suppliers can sign up for future invitation; 2 suppliers can provide basic information; 3 suppliers can provide extensive category and industry information and be guided through an information collection workflow based on the answers and information provided; 4 would include capability beyond which is previously addressed (but including 1-3)", "506"), ("507", "37", "SIC Support", "How exstensible is the support for standard industry codes and the identification and collection of data relevant to those industry codes?", NULL, "507"), ("508", "37", "Supplier On-Boarding", "To what degree does the platform support full supplier onboarding (once a supplier, already registered, has been selected for participation in an RFX or been given an award)? How far does it go beyond (integrated) reach-out, supplier network integration, and auto data verification?", NULL, "508"), ("509", "37", "On-Boarding Templates", "What templates are provided with the application? For example, supplier diversity, anti-corruption, anti-slavery, conflict minerals, etc.", NULL, "509"), ("510", "37", "Integrated Off-Line Reach Out (phone, fax)", "Does the platform support reach-out beyond traditional e-mail? Is there social network integration, (e-)fax integration, and/or phone integration?", NULL, "510"), ("511", "37", "Supplier Network Integration", "Does the platform integrate with one or more supplier networks, and, if so, to what degree? Simple profile integration? Full profile integration?", NULL, "511"), ("512", "37", "Auto Data Verification", "Does the platform integrate with one or more government/third party data sources that can be used to verify the data being provided by suppliers, including, but not limited to, registry numbers, non-appearance on denied party lists, third party evaluations, etc.?", NULL, "512"), ("513", "37", "Supplier Qualification", "To what degree can the product be used to qualify suppliers for the organization? And what capabilities does it have beyond data collection, delegation of control, and auto document verification?", NULL, "513"), ("514", "37", "Data Collection / Branching Workflow", "How powerful is the data collection capability? Does the workflow branch based on each data element to allow for the appropriate collection of supplier, product, and/or service information?", NULL, "514"), ("515", "37", "Delegation of Control", "To what degree does the product support delegation of control? Can the supplier add their own delegates and specify the roles and authorities that each person they authorize on their behalf has, or is user creation and privilege control limited to the lead buyer?", NULL, "515"), ("516", "37", "Auto Document Identification & Verification", "To what degree can documents be automatically identified and validated by the platform? For example, can insurance documents be automatically detected, verified for validity, inspected for inclusion of mandatory clauses, etc?", NULL, "516"), ("517", "37", "Supplier Data Management", "To what degree of detail is supplier data supported in the SIM portion of the SXM solution, either out-of-the-box, through schema-extensibility, or through custom definition on the client\'s part?", NULL, "517"), ("518", "37", "Entity Core Data", "How extensive is the out-of-the-box support for entity core data -- locations, financial, structure, personnel, industry profiles, category profiles, etc. etc. etc.?", NULL, "518"), ("519", "37", "Financial Data / ACH Integration", "How extensive is the support for financial data tracking and is the system capable of integrating with ACH systems to manage payments and transfers?", NULL, "519"), ("520", "37", "3P Data Integration (scores/audits/etc.)", "How extensive is the built in support for third party data feed integration for external risk scores, audits, data enrichment, etc?", NULL, "520"), ("521", "37", "Document Management", "How deep is the document management compared to a best-in-class document management platforms? Is there word integration for collaborative creation, editing, mark-up, and indexing? Is there support for comments and markup? Is there complete version tracking?", NULL, "521"), ("522", "37", "Certificates / Insurance", "Is there extra built-in capability for certification and insurance document management, which organizations need to confirm and be on top off to meet risk and regulatory requirements?", NULL, "522"), ("523", "37", "Product / Catalog Management", "Is there extensive catalog management? To what degree can the supplier update, and to what degree does the buyer have to update? Can complete price history be maintained? Can similar SKUs be associated? Can product history be maintained?", NULL, "523"), ("524", "37", "Ratings, Approvals, & Preferred Suppliers", "How extensive is the rating and approval system? Can the ratings be defined as group-based weightings? Can approvals be defined as bifurcating workflows with overrides? And what about preferred status -- does it have to be supplier level, or can it be product/service level and can it be limited to certain locales and even production locations?", NULL, "524"), ("525", "37", "Supplier Collaboration", "How extensive is the built-in supplier collaboration capability?", NULL, "525"), ("526", "37", "Real-Time Messaging", "Does the tool support integrated real-time (group) messaging between all parties with compete archival, audit trails, and indexing for association with different data elements and platform functionality?", "1 real time chat between two parties; 2 multi-party chat with archival; 3 association with different modules and elements; 4 would include capability beyond which is previously addressed (but including 1-3)", "526"), ("527", "37", "Collaborative Whiteboards", "Does the platform contain collaborative white-boards that allow both parties to co-develop plans, work on innovations, and other collaborative projects?", NULL, "527"), ("528", "38", "Conflict Resolution CAR/CAM", "How deep is the corrective action management / corrective action resolution capability in the product? How deep is the collaborative dispute resolution functionality?", NULL, "528"), ("529", "38", "Issue Identification and Tracking", "What is the capability provided to identify issues, from whichever view the user is in and associated with whatever data the issues relate to, in the product, track them over time, and use the history and data as the basis for an issue and a corrective action plan?", NULL, "529"), ("530", "38", "Plan Development & Milestone Definition", "How easy is it to create detailed project plans built around milestones, tasks, and team members? And how powerful is the capability?", NULL, "530"), ("531", "38", "Status Updates", "How easy is it to do status updates, share them, take actions on those updates, and evaluate progress and modify the plan collaboratively based on those updates?", "Use generic scoring (per the \"Menu\" tab). Please describe supporting details in \'comments\' field", "531"), ("532", "38", "Resolution Mechanisms", "What does the platform support in the way of resolution mechanisms? How are these tied to issue tracking, milestones, and statuses, and how effective are they in closing corrective actions?", NULL, "532"), ("533", "39", "Measurement", "What degree of measurement, and metric, support is included in the platform?", NULL, "533"), ("534", "39", "Survey Integration", "Does the platform integrate with, or provide, leading survey functionality that can gather all of the subjective rankings required for complete supplier performance analysis?", "Use generic scoring (per the \"Menu\" tab). Please describe supporting details in \'comments\' field", "534"), ("535", "39", "Formulaic Metric Definition on Raw Data", "How advanced is the formulaic support, necessary for KPI calculations for effective 360-degree scorecards? Is it limited to simple algebraic operators, or statistical functions, or advanced mathematical formula defined over multiple levels of data?", NULL, "535"), ("536", "39", "3rd Party Data Integration", "What is the capability to integrate 3rd party data feeds, preferably as needed, in real time, for updates as often as daily (if available), and how many feeds are integrated out-of-the-box?", "1 yes, but only those we currently support; 2 yes, through our API; 3 yes, and there is also native integration to the Risk Management applications provided by the data providers should the buying organization also have a license to those platforms; 4 would include capability beyond which is previously addressed (but including 1-3)", "536"), ("537", "39", "Scorecards w/ Automatic Updates", "How deep is the scorecard functionality, how extensive is the KPI functionality, and what is the ability to update the scorecards in real time, compute trends, detect changes, and alert key personnel?", NULL, "537"), ("538", "40", "Development & Innovation Management", "How much support for development and innovation management is built into the platform?", NULL, "538"), ("539", "40", "Challenge Definition", "What kind of support is included for the definition, and management, of innovation challenges? Is it just push a request, pull some responses? A collaborative forum? The ability to break it up and possibly award different steps of a challenge to multiple parties?", NULL, "539"), ("540", "40", "Unsolicited Idea Management", "Can suppliers contribute ideas unsolicited? How are they managed to make sure no good idea slips through the cracks? Can they be turned into challenges if they are the start, but not the end, of a need, possibly as a three-way collaboration project (that could result in a joint award)?", NULL, "540"), ("541", "40", "Review and Decision Support", "What level of review and decision support is included? Are multi-level approvals supported? Can the buying team work collaboratively? Can the suppliers provide feedback at appropriate points?", NULL, "541"), ("542", "39", "Monitoring", "What level of data monitoring is included in the SXM application and how is it integrated with the scorecards and benchmarking?", NULL, "542"), ("543", "39", "Automatic Data / Scorecard Updates", "Can the scorecards be automatically updated with relevant data? How often? What level of application and feed integration is supported?", NULL, "543"), ("544", "39", "Alerts & Notification", "Can alerts be defined that notify an individual when scorecards drop below a threshold, trends change, changes happen faster or slower than expected, or other relevant factors that need to be monitored?", NULL, "544"), ("545", "38", "Integration with CAR/CAM", "Does it integrate with the CAR/CAM functionality and allow the buying organization to be notified when statuses change, input is provided, or milestone deadlines are not met?", NULL, "545"), ("546", "41", "Risk Management", "To what extent does the platform support risk identification, management, and monitoring?", NULL, "546"), ("547", "41", "Risk Identification", "What is the extent of risk identification? Is it limited to manual identification, definition and data entry or does it come with the capability to identify risks based on key supplier data, scorecards, trends, and/ or an appropriate cross-section of such data?", NULL, "547"), ("548", "41", "Mitigation Plan", "Does the system support the creation of mitigation plans? And are they completely manual, or can they be automatically generated from templates based on key risk identifiers?", NULL, "548"), ("549", "41", "Trend Monitoring", "What is the extent of trend definition and monitoring in the system? Can the trends be mapped to, and monitored against, different distributions? Can advanced forecasting algorithms be applied? Are the included and integrated?", NULL, "549"), ("550", "41", "Event Monitoring", "What is the extent of event monitoring in the platform? Is it limited to external data feed integration, or does it support semantic monitoring of news sources? What about sentiment analysis and third party evaluations and projections? Are the technologies embedded or integrated 3rd party platforms (through APIs). To what extent, if any, is risk monitoring supported?", "1 yes, but keywords MUST be defined; 2 yes and the application can define keywords based on the current supply base and categories being sourced; 3 yes and the application can also detect potential risk based upon areas, known upstream requirements in sub-tiers, and so on; 4 would include capability beyond which is previously addressed (but including 1-3)", "550"), ("551", "40", "NPD / NPI", "To what extent does the platform support new product development and/or new product introduction?", NULL, "551"), ("552", "40", "Product Management", "How extensible is the product management capability? Is it limited to bill of material definition or can it be used to define should cost models, alternative designs, and real-time market data tracking?", NULL, "552"), ("553", "40", "BoM Management", "How extensible is the bill of material capability? Is it a basic component definition or can it support extensive multi-level bill of material definition that includes modelling support at each and every level of a multi-level bill of materials from an engine all the way down to a screw?", NULL, "553"), ("554", "40", "Innovation Integration", "To what extent is NPD/NPI integrated into innovation management? Is it a basic push/pull or is there extensive integration that allows for innovation to be launched from and spark each stage of NPD/NPI?", NULL, "554"), ("555", "40", "Process Management", "To what extent is process management supported in the platform? Is it basic task definition or integrated NPD/NPI project management?", NULL, "555"), ("556", "39", "Analytics", "To what extent is analytics integrated in the platform?", NULL, "556"), ("557", "39", "Report Builder", "Does the tool come with a built-in report builder that allows end-users to create the reports they want on the data they want, regardless of the source of such data? Can it work on all data elements? How extensible is it? Please describe, and focus on any competitive differentiators.", NULL, "557"), ("558", "39", "Out-of-the-Box Scorecards", "Are there a number of scorecards that are available out of the box? Preferably built on best-practice, actionable, KPIs?", "1 basic templates by industry/category are available out of the box; 2 configurable templates that can be automatically populated from survey and imported data are available out of the box; 3 they can be programmed to automatically update over time using formula or KPI modifications more meaningful to the company; 4 would include capability beyond which is previously addressed (but including 1-3)", "558"), ("559", "39", "Out-of-the-Box Metric Reports", "What is the extent of support for out-of-the-box operational metric reports?", NULL, "559"), ("560", "39", "Out-of-the-Box Trend Reports", "What is the extent of support for out-of-the-box trend reports?", NULL, "560"), ("561", "41", "Out-of-the-Box Risk Reports", "What is the extent of support for out-of-the-box risk reports?", NULL, "561"), ("562", "42", "Single View & Sign-On", "Does the portal support single view and sign on? Can a supplier manage their data, surveys, RFXs, innovation requests, etc. for all customers through one sign-on? How integrated is the portal? Is data organized by customer, request type, or can the supplier representative filter in to what they want to see when they want to see it?", NULL, "562"), ("563", "42", "Deep Onboarding Support", "How much on-boarding support is available from the supplier\'s point of view? Can they define additional users with limited access to complete different data requests?", NULL, "563"), ("564", "42", "Collaboration", "How powerful and customizable are the collaboration features from the supplier\'s viewpoint?", NULL, "564"), ("565", "42", "SPM/SRM Data Review", "To what extent can the supplier review, and request corrections of, not only data they provide but also data created, and collected, on the supplier by the buyer?", NULL, "565"), ("566", "42", "360-Degree Scorecards", "To what extent are 360-degree scorecards supported? Is the supplier limited to providing survey responses to populate them? Can they define formulas to summarize data to populate them? Can they pull that data in through imports? Can they collaboratively modify the scorecards?", NULL, "566"), ("567", "42", "Document Management & Updates", "Does the portal contain extensive document management and update capability that will not only allow a supplier to attach documents, but remind them of when updates are required, process documents against minimal acceptance and completion criteria during upload, and auto-extract key meta data on the supplier\'s behalf?", NULL, "567"), ("568", "42", "VMI", "Does the platform include vendor managed inventory functionality that will allow the supplier to manage MRO / other inventory on behalf of the buyer?", NULL, "568"), ("569", "42", "PO/Invoice/Payment Support", "Does the platform support the distribution and archival of purchase orders on behalf of the buyers and/or invoices on behalf of the suppliers, correlation, or payment support through ACH integration?", NULL, "569"), ("570", "43", "Core Tech Platform", "Please describe your core software architecture? Is it a modern MVC architecture? What are the primary languages (C++/Java/Ruby) and technologies used?", "1 PHP code with limited formalized processes, development standards; 2 standard Java / C# stack with generally acceptable MVC separation; 3 fully normalized Java / C# stack with multi-database and multi-view layer support for scalability and back up and for extensive desktop and mobile interface support; 4 would include capability beyond which is previously addressed (but including 1-3)", "570"), ("571", "43", "SaaS / Cloud", "Please describe your cloud architecture (e.g., single-instance multi-tenant application run on a \'virtualized\' and elastic platform). Is your SaaS approach only true multi-tenant, or can separate app instances be maintained (e.g., residing with data on servers that can be run in different countries)? Explain your ability to support private/hybrid cloud that can physically partition customer-specific data as well as your adoption of cloud computing standards and components (e.g., using commercial IaaS platforms, open stack components, etc.) Please describe the platform and infrastructure \'stack\' used for your application/integration service. What Service Oriented Architecture (SOA) standards and features do you employ? Please break down your customer base and their deployment model (% public cloud, % private cloud, % on premise)", "1 = ASP in a cloud wrapper. 2 = standard one-size fits-all multitenant. 3 = customizable multi-tenant where each client can have their own view, restrict data to certain locales, have surge processing power dynamically added or dropped. 4 = the architecture supports load-balancing to specific single-use database instances or processing server instances so each client has a virtual single instance (would include other capability beyond which is previously addressed -- but including 1-3)", "571"), ("572", "43", "On-Premise Software Option", "Explain if there is an option for any part of the application or integration software to run on-premise behind the firewall? If you have such on-premise / \'private cloud\' capabilities, please describe how it works in conjunction with any \'public cloud\' application deployment models you support", "1 \"we install, and when you want an update, you call\"; 2 standard patch upgrade support (like previous MS non-forced update strategy); 3 dynamic pull from master image on an update server that auto detects version and runs all of the update scripts sequentially with each patch application; 4 would include capability beyond which is previously addressed (but including 1-3)", "572"), ("573", "43", "AR/Auto Detection of Missing / Needed / Erroneous Data", "To what extent can the platform support the auto-detection of missing or needed data? Erroneous data? Outlier data that needs to be reviewed? How advanced are the algorithms? Is this capability extensible?", NULL, "573"), ("574", "43", "Big Data", "To what extent does the platform support \"big data\"? How scalable is it? How much control over separation and data store mapping does the buyer have?", NULL, "574"), ("575", "43", "Block chain", "Explain the use of block chain technology within your solutions or plans to deploy block chain in future releases. What type of block chain capabilities are you actively researching and/or developing (e.g., \"smart contracts\")? Are you working with a customer advisory council in this area, and if so, what is their willingness to support a distributed ledger model?", NULL, "575"), ("576", "43", "Mobile", "Explain the use of mobile technology within your solutions overall and your roadmap for future mobile adoption. Please highlight how you support mobile users (e.g., responsive design to work across all devices or mobile app for basic functionality like approvals). What percentage of system interactions today are driven by mobile clients? What do you forecast for the next 12 months? 24 months?", "1 = limited, email-like approvals and simple request views only for the buyer. 2 = decent - event status and data viewing, simple reports, and commenting for the buyer and invitation viewing, issue notification, and bidding for the supplier. 3 = extensive (i.e., pretty much any data that can be viewed/entered on a mobile device can be viewed/entered). 4 = where you have found novel ways to do more with mobile than their peers (e.g., full mobile-enabled chat infrastructure that can capture requests and input via chat)", "576"), ("577", "43", "OCR", "Explain the use of OCR/Scanning technology within your solutions (if used) and roadmap plans. Focus on the ability to covert data to semi-structured and structured data that can be normalized, cleansed, categorized, enriched, and used for workflow management and/or new types of analytics previously unavailable to the business.", NULL, "577"), ("578", "43", "Intelligent Apps", "Explain the use of \"intelligent apps\" within your solutions. Examples include: Siri, Alexa, Google, etc. Do you work with partners in this area?", "1 = We integrate a third party app. 2 = we integrate a third party app that we have trained on sourcing and procurement terminology and workflows. 3 = we have developed our own intelligent app infrastructure and trained it on our platform and sourcing workflows. 4 = would include capability beyond which is previously addressed (but including 1-3)", "578"), ("579", "43", "Personalization", "Describe your ability to customize/tailor terminology to business-specific terminology using data dictionaries or other approaches", "1 = simple phrase mapping file for menu options. 2 = replacement rules for menus, workflows, help files, etc. 3 = multi-lingual personalization options for global deployments. 4 = would include capability beyond which is previously addressed (but including 1-3)", "579"), ("580", "43", "Open Standards", "Describe your support for open standards, particularly surrounding document/data standards. How this has been developed / implemented? Are you working with / driving any standards-body initiatives? Do you provide a platform that enables others to develop or co-develop capabilities? Do you provide a platform for supplier to integrate their financial and accounting systems through a standards-driven environment?", "1 = we support XML and EDI. 2 = we support a number of standard natively including docx, pdf, and other formats our customer organizations use on a daily basis. 3 = we support a whole host of file exchange standards between ERP, Accounting, and other enterprise systems. 4 = would include capability beyond which is previously addressed (but including 1-3)", "580"), ("581", "43", "Integrations", "Describe typical (and atypical) system integration options. Describe how the platform and service provider handles multiple instances. For example, if an organization has multiple ERPs but wants a shared Procurement/Sourcing/Analytics/etc. deployment, do you typically deploy a single instance of your software for them, or typically multiple instances? Describe any integrations not addressed below.", "1 custom coding; 2 API integration; 3 a plethora of out-of-the-box integrations based on our complete and 100% open API and open vendor APIs; 4 would include capability beyond which is previously addressed (but including 1-3)", "581"), ("582", "43", "Fine Grained Role/Data/Action Based Security", "How fine grained is the role/data/action based security options on the platform and how configurable are they?", "1 pre-defined roles; 2 pre-defined roles with edit options selectable by roles; 3 role sub-classes which are modifications of basic roles, possibly for a single user; 4 roles can be defined not just by selections, but on data views or particular workflows", "582"), ("583", "44", "SIM / SPM / SRM Configurability", "Describe your approach to customized SIM/SPM/SRM process configuration as well as both basic and advanced workflow configuration (based upon an evaluation of the strategic nature of the relationship, the dollars involved, the industry, and/or regulatory controls that need to be adhered to)? Approaches could be based on users, departments, commodities, roles, content groups, approval steps, delegated approvals, units of measure, custom fields, accounts, chart of accounts, invoice tolerances, receiving tolerances, budget periods, payment terms, etc. Describe if there is a limit to the number of configurations included (e.g., # of fields, forms etc). If so, what is the limit? Describe how your solution supports both single and multiple categorizations and/or accounting structures. Describe the process for configuring custom fields/web forms (What are the limitations/constraints in terms of what can be enabled?)", NULL, "583"), ("584", "44", "Network Data Model", "What (if any) is the network component of the offering? Is their many-to-many profile and data model support? Can a supplier be a buyer in the system under the same profile information?", NULL, "584"), ("585", "44", "Multi-Tier", "If not already covered elsewhere in your submission, please describe your support for multi-tier data gathering and data management. Does the data model natively support multi-tier data gathering and management requirements? If so, is this limited to specific areas (e.g., supplier diversity) or is it broadly extensible?", NULL, "585"), ("586", "44", "Supplier Portal Configurability", "Describe the extent to which the supplier portal is configurable and customizable by the buyer (for initial setup) and the supplier (for efficient and effective use and collaboration)", NULL, "586"), ("587", "44", "Business Rules / Workflow", "Describe the elements, and extent of, workflow configuration across the modules and functionality and any integrated third party applications. Be sure to describe your competitive differentiators including, but not limited to, depth of configurability, breadth of configurability, and visual component manipulation. Is the rules/workflow capability native to your platform or is it a licensed third party capability?", NULL, "587"), ("588", "44", "Globalization", "Describe the globalization capabilities, paying particular attention to capabilities beyond multi-currency and multi-lingual", "1 host in a regional data center at client request; 2 support for specific e-Signature / e-Notification rules of the countries in which customers deploy; 3 support variable workflows that tailor themselves to the locale of execution; 4 would include capability beyond which is previously addressed (but including 1-3)", "588"), ("589", "44", "Multi-Currency", "Describe your support for multiple currencies and supporting functionality for conversions, rounding, etc. Describe how external currency tables are used (e.g., automated conversions, manual, third-party only or if internal master tables are supported, etc.)", "1 a single currency conversion table; 2 integrated currency feed which updates daily; 3 rules-based conversion based on currency and payment type (i.e. 2.5% conversion fee on the P-card, etc.); 4 would include capability beyond which is previously addressed (but including 1-3)", "589"), ("590", "44", "Multi-Lingual", "Describe your support for multiple languages and for instruction / communication translation. Describe how third parties are used to support translation efforts", "1 flat file menu mappings for a small set of languages; 2 dynamic mappings of menu options and help text based on standard translations and regional linguistic variances; 3 override features that allow a buyer to override mappings on documents / menu options being shared with a supplier; 4 would include capability beyond which is previously addressed (but including 1-3)", "590"), ("591", "45", "Supplier Onboarding", "Does the platform facilitate the onboarding of new suppliers? Are multi-channel onboarding events supported across categories, industries, and geographies? Is there any supplier network support?", "1 list creation and invite management; 2 integration with supplier networks and campaign management; 3 integration with (e-)fax and phone campaigns; 4 would include capability beyond which is previously addressed (but including 1-3)", "591"), ("592", "45", "Data/Document Management Services", "Describe your ability to natively (or through partners) aggregate, cleanse, classify, enrich, and harmonize existing data (and document [metadata]) to make it timely and accurate to drive surveys, innovation management and supplier development efforts. Describe existing abilities to also validate data against external sources (tax authorities, prohibited/denied parties lists, certifying ISO authorities, etc.)", NULL, "592"), ("593", "45", "Supplier Management Services", "Describe your ability to do enable supplier data / profile management and supplier relationship management services on behalf of the buying organization, either natively or through partners", NULL, "593"), ("594", "45", "Supplier Development / Innovation Management", "Describe your ability to lead and manage supplier development and innovation management projects on behalf of the buying organization, either natively or through partners", NULL, "594"), ("595", "46", "Enterprise Contracts Support (beyond buy-side)", "Please describe the ability to support all enterprise contracts, including not just supplier contracts, but those from customers, employees, partners, and other key stakeholders", "0 = no intent beyond suppliers. 1 = theoretical ability to handle, but no associated customer facing or employee facing functionality or data model. 2 = specific focus on different enterprise contract types and associated functionality (e.g., tying sales contracts into CRM). 3 = ability to model complex scenarios relating different contract types and counterparty roles in the value chain (e.g., tying purchase contracts to related sales contracts). 4 = focus on all contract types, stakeholders (e.g., legal, outsourced staff, partners), and domain specific enterprise CLM functionality", "595"), ("596", "46", "Richness of Contract Level Data Modeled", "Ability to model contract information at granular level of detail", "0 = a contract field in the system, but no contract master. 1 = basic fixed contract level metadata to describe a contract (e.g., ID, supplier name, contract owner; start & expiration/renewal dates) and ability to store a file attachment. 2 = contracts, contract types, addendums (e.g., SOW against MSA), and basic clause structure to handle pricing, payment terms, deliverables, roles, reference-field metadata, etc. 3 = sub-contracting (multi-tier), clause library, clause types, deliverables, obligations/rights, and clause-level metadata (e.g., risk type, rules). 4 = robust/extensible contract level and clause level data models tied into specific domain areas listed below - and ability to link to external knowledge bases and support needs of legal counsel/firms and industry-specific requirements", "596"), ("597", "46", "Templates", "Does the platform allow templates that can be used for initial contract creation?", "1 yes, but only one standard template per category/industry; 2 yes, and multiple versions with distinguishable meta-data; 3 yes, and the templates are dynamic and select among clauses based upon geographies, category, dollar value, or other relevant criteria; 4 yes, and there is integration with external GRC/CSR platforms that indicate what regulations need to be adhered to and what clauses the organization should consider including / verifying", "597"), ("598", "46", "Clauses", "Does the platform allow Legal to define standard clauses and variations (across geographies, industries, etc.) that can be automatically included in the template used to cut the contract?", "1 yes, but limited to a pre-defined set of conditions; 2 yes, but limited only to a pre-defined set of categories (geographies, categories, industries, etc); 3 yes, and can associated with any meta-data or workflow rule of interest; 4 would include capability beyond which is previously addressed (but including 1-3)", "598"), ("599", "46", "Performance Specifications and Deliverables", "Performance specifications are the expected form/fit/function of the contracted deliverables - whether products and/or services. For services, they include tasks to be performed, service levels, and acceptance criteria. To what extent does the CLM system support the ability to model tasks/services, service levels, deliverables, milestones, product/service quality, and other determinants of commercial obligations?", "1 = basic modeling (e.g., rates vs. deliverables/milestones). 2 = performance/service level modeling (similar or integrated to supplier performance dimensions). 3 = linking performance/specs to particular tasks/roles and how those performance levels will be measured and approved. 4 = functionality beyond 1-3", "599"), ("600", "46", "Obligations", "Obligations are contractual commitments made within provisions set forth in contract clauses. They reflect not just financial obligations, but also who is responsible for what operational commitments. So, how well does the CLM system model, capture, and monitor these obligations (especially financial)?", "1= obligations (basic TCV or ACV). 2 = ability to model obligation types and monitor the values. 3 = obligation analysis to determine appropriateness/effectiveness of obligations (e.g., risk scoring; bonus/penalty/termination scoring and monitoring). 4 = functionality beyond 1-3", "600"), ("601", "46", "File Attachments", "Does the platform allow the buyer to attach as many attachments (NDAs, specs, etc.) as necessary in a secure fashion and allow for supplier verification / e-Signature confirmation of receipt?", "1 = yes, but no version control or e-Signature. 2 = yes, with basic version control and e-Signature. 3 = yes, with internal comparison/red-lining functionality, finance/defense level security, and in-line with all regulatory e-Signature requirements. 4 = would include capability beyond which is previously addressed (but including 1-3)", "601"), ("602", "46", "Document Linking and Integration", "Beyond file attachments, to what extend can the contract be linked to related documents that sits in other systems (e.g., superseded contracts in legacy document management system; MSAs in a contingent labor application; ERP and P2P systems; niche systems in Legal Department, etc.) For example, can system detect changes in those related files/systems?", "Use generic scoring (per the \"Menu\" tab). Please describe supporting details in \'comments\' field", "602"), ("603", "46", "Access Control", "The contract management application should not only secure signed contracts but also limit add/change/delete access to those documents (and underlying data elements) to authorized personnel", "1 = basic role/user-group based access to documents. 2 = access applied to data element level and view/modify control. 3 = additional data access/action capabilities based on custom rules/roles/environment. 4 = anything beyond 1-3  ", "603"), ("604", "46", "Auditable, Unalterable, Messaging", "The system needs to track who changed what, when and the change that was made in a manner that is easily searchable, reportable and unalterable. The complete history of any document, record or field that was changed should be maintained.ÔøΩCan both parties create secure, unalterable, auditable, persistent messages?", "1 = yes, but limited to offers and counter-offers. 2 = yes, all messaging is secure and persistent. 3 = yes, and complete audit trails, with e-Signature verifications, can be tracked and reported on at any time. 4 = would include capability beyond which is previously addressed (but including 1-3)", "604"), ("605", "46", "Version Control", "Once a contract has been signed, it should be impossible for anyone to change the terms and conditions of the contract in any representation in the system. This includes the core document, any attachments, the metadata and any e-signature verifiers provided by a third-party e-signature authority. (This does not mean that the contract cannot be amended, but that the original contract will remain untouched and the amendment will be stored as the current, active, version). Does the solution have extensive version control capabilities with complete tracking of who did each individual change (if collaborative editing was enabled)?", "1 = basic document level version control. 2 = clause level version control. 3 = change and audit trails by user and version reporting and analysis. 4 = would include capability beyond which is previously addressed (but including 1-3)", "605"), ("606", "47", "Pricing", "Complex pricing. Ability to natively model volume discounts, rebates, penalties, formula-based amounts (e.g., performance based fees), non-price costs, etc.", "Use generic scoring. Please describe supporting details in \'comments\' field", "606"), ("607", "47", "Categories", "Cross-referencing contracts to spend/supplier categories and also using user-driven contract/clause attributes/metadata to allow for rule-driven workflows/analytics using these attributes", "Use generic scoring. Please describe supporting details in \'comments\' field", "607"), ("608", "47", "General Risk", "Ability to model risk types/metadata at contract level", "1 = partial. 2 = clause level. 3 = \"cost of risk\" modeling. 4 = sophisticated risk modeling/treatment analytics and knowledge/IP", "608"), ("609", "47", "Commodity Risk", "Modeling and management of currency risk, capacity risk, commodity price pegging/capture/audit, hedging, etc.", "1 = partial. 2 = clause level. 3 = \"cost of risk\" modeling. 4 = sophisticated risk modeling/treatment analytics and knowledge/IP", "609"), ("610", "47", "Supplier / Partner", "Modeling of counter-party relationships to you; legal entity structure (parent-child); supplier-customer linkages (i.e., value chain structure and outsourced relationship structure)", "0 = supplier field in contract header (no lookup table). 1 = supplier lookup to basic supplier master (within CLM module or other) data. 2 = partner master model and parent-child. 3 = sub-contracting / tier modeling. 4 = advanced modeling (e.g., supply chain network modeling)", "610"), ("611", "47", "Regulatory Compliance", "Ability to model statutory regulations or NGO requirements (by you and/or counterparty) and the contractual commitments that tie to them.", "Use generic scoring. Please describe supporting details in \'comments\' field", "611"), ("612", "47", "Financials", "Modeling of financial status/impact of contracts. (spend analysis tied to contracts is not included here)", "1 = store TCV and payment terms for single named entity in base currency. 2 = ACV modeling and ability to tie to multiple fiscal entities and in multiple currencies (and support INCOTERMS). 3 = termination clauses/probabilities, renewal % estimates, budget linkages; penalty/bonus accruals. 4 = advanced financial modeling not described (please describe)", "612"), ("613", "47", "Projects", "Large projects can have many contracts. And large contracts can have many projects. Projects and contracts can have sub-projects and sub-contracts respectively. So, CLM software must help align contracts to projects. So, how robust is the project modeling and management from a CLM standpoint?", "0 = referencing a project as text in a contract. 1 = associating a contract to specific projects. 2 = modeling project work breakdown structures and deliverables within a contract. 3 = incorporating/integrating project budgeting, costing, and risk monitoring within contracts. 4 = advanced functionality beyond this (please describe)", "613"), ("614", "47", "Assets (e.g., software licenses)", "Ability to model and track the assets (and utilization/performance of those assets) that contractually drive pricing. Could be software licenses, fuel surcharges, physical asset uptimes, etc.", "Use generic scoring. Please describe supporting details in \'comments\' field", "614"), ("615", "48", "Contract Action, Renewals", "What is the capability provided to be alerted to upcoming renewals, but also be alerted (with escalations) to contract risk/non-compliance events?", "1 = visibility by expiry/renewal type and prioritized by contract value. 2 = escalating alerts to kick off an action plan to drive active renewal or re-sourcing/re-contracting. 3 = obligation / risk / performance reporting to drive compliance in remaining contract and plan for renewal/re-negotiation. 4 = advanced functionality beyond 1-3", "615"), ("616", "48", "Contract Expiration (non-renewal)", "How easy and robust is the capability to manage expiring contracts that must be dispositioned (e.g., flagged for either renewal/amending or for offboarding) and then used to drive appropriate offboarding activities?", "0 = nothing happens. 1 = system de-activates and archives the contract. 2 = system drives multiple contract offboarding activities including counterparty system access; final approvals; user communications; etc. 3 = linkage to appropriate other integrated systems (e.g., drive supplier offboarding if supplier only had the one contract). 4 = advanced functionality beyond 1-3", "616"), ("617", "48", "Status Updates", "How easy is it to do status updates, share them, take actions on those updates, and evaluate progress and modify the plan collaboratively based on those updates?", "Use generic scoring (per the \"Menu\" tab). Please describe supporting details in \'comments\' field", "617"), ("618", "49", "Search / Discovery", "Ability to find and re-use previous contracts and clauses for 1) new contract/clause creation or 2) contract portfolio assessment and remediation/de-risking/optimization", "1 = text and keyword search across contracts. 2 = ability to query contract and clause data and metadata (including user defined). 3 = ability to perform \'where used\' analysis on contracts using certain clauses; ability to use fuzzy matching to find similar contracts/clauses. 4 = using AI and ontology/concept based capabilities or other advanced features", "618"), ("619", "49", "Legacy Contract Upload / Conversion", "Ability to bulk upload contracts and extract contract-level metadata (please discuss if/how you use partner providers)", "0 = none (assume paper files are scanned). 1 = batch file uploading and import/mapping. 2 = OCR and rule-based training to metadata. 3 = addition of auto-classification with fuzzy matching or basic machine learning. 4 = advanced machine learning and knowledge bases/models", "619"), ("620", "49", "Clause Extraction, Classification, and Harmonization", "Use of rule based and machine learning based contract analytics to help classify unstructured text into structured clauses and metadata (please indicate if you use a specialized partner provider)", "0 = none. 1 = rule based training. 2 = rule based classification combined with provider specific knowledge base. Also, ability to have rule-based to map different clause taxonomies/language (e.g., in case of M&A / holding companies). 3 = addition of fuzzy logic and basic machine learning to improve accuracy. 4 = provider proprietary knowledge bases/models and more advanced machine learning (e.g., also usable within other contract analytics in the solution)", "620"), ("621", "49", "Survey Integration", "Does the platform integrate with, or provide, leading survey functionality that can gather all of the subjective rankings required for complete supplier performance analysis?", "Use generic scoring (per the \"Menu\" tab). Please describe supporting details in \'comments\' field", "621"), ("622", "49", "Contract Import from E-Sourcing", "To what extent does the platform support contract creation starting from upstream E-Sourcing (eRFx)?", "1 = award export. 2 = award export and standard legal template directory (in Word files). 3 = integrated editor that can suck in awards and templates. 4 = would include capability beyond which is previously addressed (but including 1-3)", "622"), ("623", "49", "Ability to Manage Counter-Party Originated Contracts", "What unique capabilities allow you to incorporate counterparty paper into your contracting workflow?", "1 = create your own contract and develop addendum to supplier paper (attachment). 2 = use you legacy contract conversion capabilities on a supplier PDF to bring into your system and convert to your paper in CLM app. 3 = convert, but auto-classify and analyze using clause level contract analytics (to lessen effort) and then use e-redlining. 4 = Additional innovations (e.g., provider knowledge based trained on frequently used mega provider contracts such as Microsoft licensing)", "623"), ("624", "49", "Amendment Creation", "To what extent can the system automatically create amendments, term riders, sub-contracts, etc. easily to simplify changes and not revise entire contract", "Use generic scoring. Please describe supporting details in \'comments\' field", "624"), ("625", "50", "Word Integration", "Does the solution integrate with Microsoft Word to enable both parties to build and edit documents within Microsoft, but with full security and version tracking?", "1 = contracts can be stored in MS Word. 2 = basic word integration which allows change history to be pulled out of versions and redlining support. 3 = word is \"embedded\" in the platform and the viewer/editor can switch from Word to the application (and see the status in the Word viewer) and back again and the user can even push data from Word to the platform (clauses, supplier data, updated price lists etc.) during contract creation. 4 = would include capability beyond which is previously addressed (but including 1-3)", "625"), ("626", "50", "Core Workflow and Approvals", "Including process modeling; rule-based branching; use of APIs; delegation; use of user groups and roles; standard approval hierarchies and complex/custom approval logic; incorporation of counter-party in flow. Please describe in detail", "Use generic scoring. Please describe supporting details in \'comments\' field. Note any particular innovations that you feel differentiate you here.", "626"), ("627", "50", "Contract Negotiation", "Please describe (in detail) the system ability to enable broad-based contract negotiation between two or more parties", "Use generic scoring. Please describe supporting details in \'comments\' field. Note any particular innovations that you feel differentiate you here.", "627"), ("628", "50", "Collaboration Support (which extends across contract lifecycle)", "Includes going beyond redlining to support more unstructured collaboration and communications internally and with counter parties. Also includes mobile and social methods for e-mail integration, messaging/alerts, collaboration tools (e.g., Slack), threaded discussions, document collaboration, audio/video calls, etc.", "Use generic scoring. Please describe supporting details in \'comments\' field. Note any particular innovations that you feel differentiate you here.", "628"), ("629", "50", "Sub-Contracting Support", "Ability to support multi-tier contracts to tier 1 suppliers (e.g., BPO, prime contractor, contract mfr, etc.) who then sub-contract to tier 2 suppliers. This can include \"back-to-back\" contracts / \"flow downs\" of certain clauses or potentially even engaging tier 2 sub-contractors on the system itself", "Use generic scoring. Please describe supporting details in \'comments\' field. Note any particular innovations that you feel differentiate you here.", "629"), ("630", "50", "Guided Contracting (e.g., user questionnaires)", "This allows the system to be designed to guide a user through a set of business questions that in turn invoke the appropriate contract templates (or specific clauses) to use", "0 = none (users need to find closest match template on their own). 1 = form builder and workflow is used to construct workflow that pulls up designated contract template for a certain contract/spend/supplier type. 2 = vanilla functionality is available here to build workflow that builds up contract from clauses (not just template). 3 = use of configurator and even basic machine learning to help design simplest decision tree. 4 = use of AI or other advanced technology to develop a contracting \"bot\" to guided optimal contracting", "630"), ("631", "50", "Contract Implementation", "Ability to help automate the implementation of the contract into execution (e.g., into the P2P and supplier management process) and integrate to downstream execution systems", "0 = nothing. 1 = integration capabilities to export into downstream systems. 2 = bi-directional integration and also workflow to ensure that contract has been implemented properly. 3 = functionality and methodology to set in place all downstream contract monitoring processes, roles, alerts, etc. 4 = Advanced functionality beyond 1-3.", "631"), ("632", "51", "Compliance Management", "To what extent can the system track counter-party compliance to the contract - as well as internal compliance", "0 = none. 1 = ability to set dates and alerts for deliverables and against SLAs/targets; query capabilities to match payments to contracts; simple scorecard. 2 = robust integration framework for automated performance collection; stakeholder survey collection & scoring; graphical scorecards. 3 = rules-based and predictive analytics to identify/predict non-compliance; integration into corrective action workflows and projects; integration with supplier/partner scorecards. 4 = advanced functionality beyond 1-3", "632"), ("633", "51", "Financial Management", "Ability to measure and monitor financial aspects of the contract. To what extent can financial impacts of the contract be modeled beyond just a single contract value field?", "0 = none. 1 = reporting of TCV, ACV, and expended budget. 2 = tracking discounts, penalties, rebates, claims, budget burn rate, performance to market (e.g., commodity pricing), total cost (e.g., insurance costs associated with contract), etc. 3 = ability to estimate/plan contract financials and actions: CV renewals; CV at risk; \"cost of risk\" analysis, trend analysis of pending non-compliance (weighted by financial impact), etc. 4 = Advanced functionality beyond 1-3", "633"), ("634", "51", "Corrective Action & Conflict Resolution", "How deep is the corrective action management / corrective action resolution capability in the product? How deep is the collaborative dispute resolution functionality? Please describe the ability to manage the process of mitigating non-compliance, poor performance, and other performance issues if not already covered", "Use generic scoring (per the \"Menu\" tab). Please describe supporting details in \'comments\' field Note any particular innovations that you feel differentiate you here", "634"), ("635", "52", "Contracting Reports and Analytics", "*Not numerically self-scored. Please list the out-of-the box reporting that you provide for the supported roles in your system with regards to the contracting process. This isn\'t a list of report names, but rather the types of reporting that you have -- e.g., status (e.g., pending, active, overdue), throughput, cycle time, on-time delivery, pending renewals, rework, etc.", "Please provide the reporting areas within your standard reporting and analytics framework (self-score not needed)", "635"), ("636", "52", "Contract / Commercial Performance Analysis", "*Not numerically self-scored. Please indicate the analytics that you provide to support the performance health and risk of your commercial relationships through the lens of your contract information. This includes risk analytics, compliance analytics, SLA analytics; complexity analysis (e.g., variability of terms); best practices adoption analytics, etc. Feel free to discuss machine learning, but this is also covered in the \"Technology\" tab as well", "Please provide the reporting areas within your standard reporting and analytics framework (self-score not needed)", "636"), ("637", "53", "Knowledge Beyond Technology Applications", "What content/info/knowledge exists that powers yours solution beyond traditional feature/function? e.g., clause/risk ontology; AI trained knowledge base for contract analytics; automated best practice; etc.", "Please describe in detail (self score not needed)", "637"), ("638", "53", "Community Knowledge", "How do you capture and systemize the collective knowledge from your installed base of customers using your solution?", "Please describe in detail (self score not needed)", "638"), ("639", "53", "Value Creation Methodology and Approach", "Do you have a unique approach to assessing, delivering, and improving value delivery that we haven\'t touched upon that you\'d like to highlight?", "Please describe in detail (self score not needed)", "639"), ("640", "54", "Core Technology Platform", "Please describe your core software architecture? Is it a modern MVC architecture? What are the primary languages (C++/Java/Ruby) and technologies used?", "1 = PHP code with limited formalized processes, development standards. 2 = standard Java / C# stack with generally acceptable MVC separation. 3 = fully normalized Java / C# stack with multi-database and multi-view layer support for scalability and back up and for extensive desktop and mobile interface support. 4 = would include capability beyond which is previously addressed (but including 1-3)", "640"), ("641", "54", "Security", "Generally, describe your information security approach. Specifically, are you ISO certified (27001) and do you support encryption (including encryption at rest)?", "Please describe in detail (self score not needed)", "641"), ("642", "54", "Fine Grained Role / Data / Action Based Security", "How fine grained is the role/data/action based security options on the platform and how configurable are they? How fine grained is the role/data/action based security options on the platform and how configurable are they?", "1 = pre-defined roles. 2 = pre-defined roles with edit options selectable by roles. 3 = role sub-classes which are modifications of basic roles, possibly for a single user. 4 = roles can be defined not just by selections, but on data views or particular workflows", "642"), ("643", "54", "User Experience", "Please describe your user experience (overall) including design approach. Please describe your approach to navigation, menu elements (and ability to hide elements), columns, overall form structure/organization, visual design, product workflow. What other UIs have inspired your design (in the consumer or business world)? When was your overall UI framework last implemented or updated? How many full-time UI designers are on your team?", "Please describe in detail (self score not needed)", "643"), ("644", "54", "SaaS / Cloud", "Please describe your cloud architecture (e.g., single-instance multi-tenant application run on a \'virtualized\' and elastic platform). Is your SaaS approach only true multi-tenant, or can separate app instances be maintained (e.g., residing with data on servers that can be run in different countries)? Explain your ability to support private/hybrid cloud that can physically partition customer-specific data as well as your adoption of cloud computing standards and components (e.g., using commercial IaaS platforms, open stack components, etc.) Please describe the platform and infrastructure \'stack\' used for your application/integration service. What Service Oriented Architecture (SOA) standards and features do you employ? Please break down your customer base and their deployment model (% public cloud, % private cloud, % on premise)", "1 = ASP in a cloud wrapper. 2 = standard one-size fits-all multitenant. 3 = customizable multi-tenant where each client can have their own view, restrict data to certain locales, have surge processing power dynamically added or dropped. 4 = the architecture supports load-balancing to specific single-use database instances or processing server instances so each client has a virtual single instance (would include other capability beyond which is previously addressed -- but including 1-3)", "644"), ("645", "54", "IaaS", "Who hosts your servers and runs your data centers? If third party (assuming so!), who is it? If multiple, can IaaS providers be switched?", "Please describe in detail (self score not needed)", "645"), ("646", "54", "On-Premise Software Option", "Do you offer an on premise options? If no, what private cloud capabilities do you offer (e.g., to have data reside locally -- and fully encrypted at rest). If offered, is it legacy software that is separate from the SaaS version -- or is cloud version pushed to end user to run locally? Explain if there is an option for any part of the application or integration software to run on-premise behind the firewall? If you have such on-premise / \'private cloud\' capabilities, please describe how it works in conjunction with any \'public cloud\' application deployment models you support", "1 \"we install, and when you want an update, you call\". 2 = standard patch upgrade support (like previous MS non-forced update strategy). 3 = dynamic pull from master image on an update server that auto detects version and runs all of the update scripts sequentially with each patch application. 4 = would include capability beyond which is previously addressed (but including 1-3)", "646"), ("647", "54", "AR / Auto Detection of Missing / Needed / Erroneous Data", "To what extent can the platform support the auto-detection of missing or needed data? Erroneous data? Outlier data that needs to be reviewed? How advanced are the algorithms? Is this capability extensible?", "Please describe in detail (self score not needed)", "647"), ("648", "54", "Big Data", "To what extent does the platform support \"big data\"? How scalable is it? How much control over separation and data store mapping does the buyer have?", NULL, "648"), ("649", "54", "Block chain", "Explain the use of block chain technology within your solutions or plans to deploy block chain in future releases. What type of block chain capabilities are you actively researching and/or developing (e.g., \"smart contracts\")? Are you working with a customer advisory council in this area, and if so, what is their willingness to support a distributed ledger model?", NULL, "649"), ("650", "54", "Mobile", "Explain the use of mobile technology within your solutions overall and your roadmap for future mobile adoption. Please highlight how you support mobile users (e.g., responsive design to work across all devices or mobile app for basic functionality like approvals). What percentage of system interactions today are driven by mobile clients? What do you forecast for the next 12 months? 24 months?", "1 = limited, email-like approvals and simple request views only for the buyer. 2 = decent - event status and data viewing, simple reports, and commenting for the buyer and invitation viewing, issue notification, and bidding for the supplier. 3 = extensive (i.e., pretty much any data that can be viewed/entered on a mobile device can be viewed/entered). 4 = where you have found novel ways to do more with mobile than their peers (e.g., full mobile-enabled chat infrastructure that can capture requests and input via chat)", "650"), ("651", "54", "Multi-Currency", "If not already covered elsewhere, please explain how many base currencies do you support? Also please describe multi-currency support such as foreign exchange translations or other capabilities", "Please describe in detail (self score not needed)", "651"), ("652", "54", "Intelligent Apps", "Explain the use of \"intelligent apps\" within your solutions. Examples include: Siri, Alexa, Google, etc. Do you work with partners in this area?", "1 = We integrate a third party app. 2 = we integrate a third party app that we have trained on sourcing and procurement terminology and workflows. 3 = we have developed our own intelligent app infrastructure and trained it on our platform and sourcing workflows. 4 = would include capability beyond which is previously addressed (but including 1-3)", "652"), ("653", "54", "Machine Learning", "Do you offer any form of machine learning with your existing production system? If so, please describe what ML approach/algorithms are used to do what functionality", "Please describe in detail (self score not needed)", "653"), ("654", "54", "Bots", "Please describe how you support software agents that help improve the capabilities of your system. If you don\'t have any, please describe what you\'re evaluating or building", "Please describe in detail (self score not needed)", "654"), ("655", "54", "Personalization", "Describe your ability to customize/tailor terminology to business-specific terminology using data dictionaries or other approaches", "1 = simple phrase mapping file for menu options. 2 = replacement rules for menus, workflows, help files, etc. 3 = multi-lingual personalization options for global deployments. 4 = would include capability beyond which is previously addressed (but including 1-3)", "655"), ("656", "54", "Open Standards", "Describe your support for open standards, particularly surrounding document/data standards. How this has been developed / implemented? Are you working with / driving any standards-body initiatives? Do you provide a platform that enables others to develop or co-develop capabilities? Do you provide a platform for supplier to integrate their financial and accounting systems through a standards-driven environment?", "1 = we support XML and EDI. 2 = we support a number of standard natively including docx, pdf, and other formats our customer organizations use on a daily basis. 3 = we support a whole host of file exchange standards between ERP, Accounting, and other enterprise systems. 4 = would include capability beyond which is previously addressed (but including 1-3)", "656"), ("657", "55", "Integrations (Approach)", "Describe typical (and atypical) system integration options. Describe how the platform and service provider handles multiple instances. For example, if an organization has multiple ERPs but wants a shared Procurement/Sourcing/Analytics/etc. deployment, do you typically deploy a single instance of your software for them, or typically multiple instances? Describe any integrations not addressed below.", "1 custom coding; 2 API integration; 3 a plethora of out-of-the-box integrations based on our complete and 100% open API and open vendor APIs; 4 would include capability beyond which is previously addressed (but including 1-3)", "657"), ("658", "55", "APIs", "How many out of the box APIs do you make available (and feel free to describe more about them and/or your approach here)?", "Please describe in detail (self score not needed)", "658"), ("659", "55", "ERP", "Describe the out-of-the-box ERP integrations supported, how configurable they are, whether they are real-time, and other relevant factors", "1 = just Oracle and SAP, through regular flat file uploads. 2 = a host of standard ERP through API integration and daily updates. 3 = extensive ERP integration with real-time updates, push/pull against data masters. 4 = would include capability beyond which is previously addressed (but including 1-3)", "659"), ("660", "55", "P2P", "Describe out-of-the-box P2P and related technology integrations, how configurable they are, whether they are real-time, and other relevant factors", "1 = just Ariba and Coupa, through regular flat file dumps. 2 = a host of standard P2P through API integration and daily updates. 3 = extensive P2P integration with real-time updates, push/pull against data masters. 4 = would include capability beyond which is previously addressed (but including 1-3)", "660"), ("661", "55", "Other", "Describe other relevant, best-of-breed, systems that the platform integrates with and the extent of the integration", ">> scoring will be relative against other responses <<", "661"), ("662", "56", "CLM Configuration", "If not already covered, please describe your approach to customized CLM process configuration as well as both basic and advanced workflow configuration (based upon an evaluation of the strategic nature of the contract the dollars involved, the industry, and/or regulatory controls that need to be adhered to)? Approaches could be based on users, departments, commodities, roles, content groups, approval steps, delegated approvals, custom fields/requirements, accounts, etc.", NULL, "662"), ("663", "56", "Business Rules / Workflow", "Describe the elements, and extent of, workflow configuration across the modules and functionality and any integrated third party applications. Be sure to describe your competitive differentiators including, but not limited to, depth of configurability, breadth of configurability, and visual component manipulation. Is the rules/workflow capability native to your platform or is it a licensed third party capability?", NULL, "663"), ("664", "56", "Globalization", "Describe the globalization capabilities, paying particular attention to capabilities beyond multi-currency and multi-lingual", "1 host in a regional data center at client request; 2 support for specific e-Signature / e-Notification rules of the countries in which customers deploy; 3 support variable workflows that tailor themselves to the locale of execution; 4 would include capability beyond which is previously addressed (but including 1-3)", "664"), ("665", "56", "Multi-Lingual", "Describe your support for multiple languages and for instruction / communication translation. Describe how third parties are used to support translation efforts", "1 flat file menu mappings for a small set of languages; 2 dynamic mappings of menu options and help text based on standard translations and regional linguistic variances; 3 override features that allow a buyer to override mappings on documents / menu options being shared with a supplier; 4 would include capability beyond which is previously addressed (but including 1-3)", "665"), ("666", "57", "General Services", "Please describe any general or targeted support service (included but not limited to implementation, integration, customization, configuraiton, etc.) you provide in support of your CLM technology", NULL, "666"), ("667", "58", "Contracting", "Does your solution support contract development and maintenance of contract terms with Temp Staffing supplier firms? If so, please describe how and list the benefits to doing so inside the solution vs. offline or in a separate contract lifecycle management system. Are there tie-ins to the configuration of the Temp Staffing workflows, contractor assignments or any other relevant features that connect Temp Staffing firm contract terms to the management of the client\'s Temp Staffing spend management objectives within the solution.", NULL, "667"), ("668", "58", "Supplier Info", "How does your solution support Temp Staffing supplier vetting and selection prior to the sourcing process?", NULL, "668"), ("669", "58", "Supplier Info", "How does your solution support grouping and tiering of Temp Staffing suppliers?", "Include reference to rules-based routing.", "669"), ("670", "58", "Routing Rules", "How does your solution support and govern request distribution among Temp Staffing suppliers?", NULL, "670"), ("671", "58", "Supplier Onboarding", "How does your solution support the addition, change and deletion of Temp Staffing suppliers?", NULL, "671"), ("672", "58", "Supplier Performance Management", "How does your solution track and report Temp Staffing supplier performance history, rates and rates changes, and spend and contractor voumes?", NULL, "672"), ("673", "58", "Supplier Portal/Communications", "How does your solution communicate to Temp Staffing suppliers changes in status to requisitions (including closed or fulfilled), contractor assignments, timecards, invoices and other workflow ", NULL, "673"), ("674", "58", "Routing Rules", "How does your solution support and govern Temp Staffing supplier receipt, acknowledgement or acceptance/rejection of temp labor requests?", NULL, "674"), ("675", "58", "Routing Rules", "How does your solution support, govern and route pre-selected candidates?", NULL, "675"), ("676", "58", "Routing Exceptions", "How does your solution support, control and report use of hiring manager and program manager/MSP Temp Staffing supplier groupings or preferences that are not standard or pre-configured?", NULL, "676"), ("677", "59", "Program Management", "How does your solution support program manager/MSP\'s pre-screen of candidate submissions prior to sending to hiring managers for their review?", "Can someone other than hiring manager pre-screen candidates? Is there a matching routine or filter that disqualifies clearly unqualified candidated for a particular request?", "677"), ("678", "59", "Evaluation ", "How does your solution support the hiring manager\'s review and evaluation of candidate submissions for a particular request, including candidate decision-making capabilities, ranking and notation of questions, concerns and follow up actions?", "Looking for features and or functionality, as well as user interface solutions, that help make the hiring manager\'s review and evaluation activities efficient, effective and organized. ", "678"), ("679", "59", "Interview Support", "How does your solution support candidate interviews, including scheduling, integrations with calendars, notifications or interview requests from hiring managers or program manager/MSP?", "Looking for features and or functionality, as well as user interface solutions, that help make the hiring manager\'s review and evaluation activities efficient, effective and organized. ", "679"), ("680", "59", "Resume / Profile", "How does your solution provide transparency to individual contractor candidates, including past engagement history at client organization, eligibility status, past engagement feedback or evalutions, prior job roles, and prior engagement rates?", "Contractor profiles with history; immediate onscreen access such as a \'pop-up\' or report generation; what information is included?", "680"), ("681", "59", "Candidate Selection", "How does your solution support the standard selection of a candidate for a request and conditional selections based on alternate dates, rates and requirements?", "What is the selection process? Can selections be made conditionally? If so, what are conditions that it can be based upon?", "681"), ("682", "59", "Evaluation ", "How does your solution support automatic, artificial intelligence or rules-based ranking of submitted candidates relative to skills, experience, rates and other factors, including whether or not your solution allows for that ranking to be customized by hiring manager, request type, or ad hoc?", "The focus of this question is how your solution supports ranking of candidates and how much of that is configurable rules-based or artifical intelligence; how flexible is it to configure by hiring manager? By Org unit? By job role? etc.", "682"), ("683", "60", "Resume / Profile", "How does your solution manage the resume structure or format and the display and presentation of candidate resumes, including structure, information contained, and whether they can be blind or branded?", "Templates; resume attachments; online candidate profiles; electronicresumes; control over candidate or firm information displayed.", "683"), ("684", "60", "Submission Rules", "How does your solution support and manage the submission of candidate resumes from Temp Staffing suppliers, including configurable submission rules, timing, and notifications to MSP and or hiring managers?", "Primary focus is how does your solution support program or job role-based rules and limitations for submission of candidates.", "684"), ("685", "61", "Budget Changes", "How does your solution control requisition budgets and changes to budgets post submission of requisition, post approval and during contractor engagements?", "Tolerances; budget settings; approval hierarchy and path control of budget changes; changes during initial requisition approval. ", "685"), ("686", "61", "Non-budget Changes", "How does your solution control changes to contractor engagements, including dates, duration, rates, job description, scope, requirements?", "tolerances; rules for these types of changes; what happens if rates/duration changes do/don\'t impact budget?", "686"), ("687", "61", "Non-budget Changes", "How does your solution support hiring manager changes and Temp Staffing supplier changes prior to engagement start and after?", "Cancel current assignment or can it be transitioned? Approval routing available? What other impacts?", "687"), ("688", "62", "Compliance Management", "How does your solution support and track contractor tenure compliance, including across multiple engagements that may run in parallel and from different parts of the client organization?", NULL, "688"), ("689", "62", "Assignment ", "How does your solution support the assignment or reassignment of contractors to different cost centers, hiring managers and suppliers?", "Cancel current assignment or can it be transitioned? Approval routing available? What other impacts?", "689"), ("690", "62", "Monitoring", "How does your solution track, support and communicate Temp Staffing engagement expiry dates, nearing or exceeding budget notices, or other material changes to the engagement or contractor assignment?", "How is hiring manager or prgram manager/MSP notified and supported to efficiently and effectively manage these situations?", "690"), ("691", "62", "Monitoring", "How does your solution provide transparency to requisition / engagement transaction history, including reporting, alerts and role-based access?", "From either audit perspective or general research; how is information presented or made available.", "691"), ("692", "62", "Role Delegation", "How does your solution support hiring manager delegation of candidate selection, timesheet review and approval, or program manager/MSP delegation under circumstances when the hiring manager is absent or not available?", NULL, "692"), ("693", "63", "Electronic Profiles", "How does your solution leverage electronic profiles / resumes to assist in onboarding of contractors?", "If yes, to what extent are there benefits to cycle time or user experience in this capability? ", "693"), ("694", "63", "Checklists", "How does your solution enable different on-boarding checklists for different positions or templates?", NULL, "694"), ("695", "63", "Post Engagement TImecards", "How does your solution manage the timely submission, review and approval of timecards (new or modified) after engagement completion, last day worked, etc.?", NULL, "695"), ("696", "64", "Online Support and Help", "How does your solution provide user feedback regarding incomplete or inaccurate data in a requisition, a resume/candidate submission, timecard, or other user upload of documentation or user interaction with the solution?", NULL, "696"), ("697", "64", "Online Support and Help", "How does your solution provide help, guidance and suggestions to users during their interactions with the solution?", "Looking for online help solutions or features.", "697"), ("698", "64", "Online Support and Help", "How does your solution communicate reasoning or error messaging to users when interactions are rejected, errors occur, reports don’t process or workflow progress stops?", "Are communications clear about steps required to fix the issue?", "698"), ("699", "65", "Rate Management", "How does your solution support contractor rate changes during engagements and is contractor rate change order history maintained?", NULL, "699"), ("700", "66", "Approval Routing", "How does your solution support requisition approval routing, including rules-based routing, exception routing, customization of complex hierarchies, requisition status communications, and required action alerts to reviewing and approving parties?", NULL, "700"), ("701", "66", "Creation", "How does your solution support and govern the creation of Temp Staffing requisitions?", "Address integrations with ERP or other systems, auto requisition number generation, file attachments, templates, job descriptions, engagement details and special instructions or requirements?", "701"), ("702", "66", "Creation", "How does your solution support generation of requisitions by labor type, geography, or other configurable driver?", NULL, "702"), ("703", "66", "Requisition Status", "How does your solution support requisition delays (ie put on HOLD), cancellation and changes to existing requisitions made by the requisitioner, reviewer and approver roles?", NULL, "703"), ("704", "66", "Creation", "How does your solution use hiring manager profile, requisition history and configurable rules to support intelliegent requisition creation?", NULL, "704"), ("705", "67", "Timecard Submission", "How does your solution support the reporting and submission of contractor time and expenses, including use of mobile and remote capabilites? ", "online timesheet, web-based approval routing, upload or scan expense receipts", "705"), ("706", "67", "Timecard Approval", "How does your solution support the routing and approval of contractor time and expenseswithin the client organization, including use of mobile and remote capabilites, the ability to drill down into timesheets, transparency to the total number of engagement hours budgeted and remaining, and the support of a manager\'s dispute of the timesheet with remarks?", NULL, "706"), ("707", "67", "Role Delegation", "How does your solution support Temp Staffing suppliers\' designation or delegation of contractor time and expense entry, including security roles?", NULL, "707"), ("708", "67", "Monitoring", "How does your solution support the notification to program manager/MSPs, hiring managers and Temp Staffing firms of missing timesheets and unapproved timesheets?", NULL, "708"), ("709", "67", "Monitoring", "How does your solution support the ability of Temp Staffing suppliers, program managers/MSPs and others to see status of time-entry (i.e. pending approval, approved, denied, remarks, etc.)?", NULL, "709"), ("710", "67", "Shifts", "How does your solution support shift management?", "Time cards are able to support multiple shifts, shifts that cross days or work weeks and shift differentials in rates.", "710"), ("711", "68", "Treasury Management", "How does your solution support the creation and submission of Temp Staffing supplier invoices, including integrations with ERP, AP, timekeeping systems or other relevant client-based systems and including the timing and aggregation of all contractors on assignment?", NULL, "711"), ("712", "69", "Worker compliance (background checks, badging, etc.)", "How does your solution support distribution and download of documentation requirements to the contractor and then track, archive (ie via upload or scanning) and report or communicate candidate onboarding documentation requirements, including background checks, drug screening, non-disclosure agreements, certifications, etc. and the expiry dates of such documentation?", NULL, "712"), ("713", "70", "Worker evaluation", "How does your solution support contractor feedback, evaluation, performance history and make this information available to hiring managers?", "Do you have ability to send an alert to hiring managers on re-hire eligibility of returning workers or manage Alumni talent pools?", "713"), ("721", "71", "Standard reports", "To what extent/how does the solution provide standard reports that are (a) specific to Temp Staffing contractors (e.g., headcount, tenure, rates, role, etc) and (b) not specific to Temp Staffing contractors (e.g., time-to-fill, early terminations, fill rate, etc)?", NULL, "721"), ("724", "71", "Specialized dashboards", "To what extent/how does the solution provide specialized Temp Staffing management dashboards?", NULL, "724"), ("729", "71", "Deep category analysis", "To what extent/how does the solution support deep analysis into the Temp Staffing spend category? (including rates, performance, etc)", NULL, "729"), ("789", "72", "Deployment", "How does your solution allow for the deployment / configuration of the SOW module?", "Is a separate implementation required or is it included in basic implementation and  is it easily configurable out of the box or require client/provider IT resources?", "789"), ("790", "72", "Entry Points", "How does your solution support different starting or workflow entry points for SOWs, including configurability of rules that govern those entry points and resulting workflows?", "Looking for separate and supportable entry points at sourcing, contracting and post contracting entry points. How does your solution enable engagement of end users (client side and supplier) at these different entry points?", "790"), ("791", "72", "Mobile", "How does your solution support mobile access to SOW Services related workflow, approvals and features?", "Can a mobile user create RFx? SOW? Review / approve pay request? Run reports? Negotiate SOWs? Evaluate SOW suppliers and RFx responses?", "791"), ("792", "73", "Onboarding", "How does your solution support onboarding new SOW suppliers for RFx events and SOW engagements?", "How do new suppliers register to receive RFx requests or engage in SOW engagement?", "792"), ("793", "73", "Due Diligence - new", "How does your solution support the client organization\'s conduct of new SOW supplier due diligence? ", "configurable checklists by SOW / spend type / supplier", "793"), ("794", "73", "Due Diligence - maintain", "How does your solution support the client organization\'s ongoing maintenance and control of supplier due diligence requirements?", "Tracking of expiry dates with alerts to client/supplier at configurable intervals, add/delete/waiver requirements", "794"), ("795", "73", "Segmentation", "How does your solution support the categorization or classification of SOW suppliers and control access to SOW suppliers accordingly?", "Looking for status: approved, unapproved, preferred, sow type specific, etc. and related access controls", "795"), ("796", "73", "MSA", "How does your solution support, track or control negotiation or acknowledgement of a master services agreement with new SOW suppliers?", NULL, "796"), ("797", "73", "Entities", "How does your solution support client management of a single supplier relationship with multiple entities? Is there a supplier roll up feature?", NULL, "797"), ("798", "73", "Interactions", "How does your solution support interactions relative to supplier management requirements?", "Looking for portal, workflow, uploads, self-reporting, etc", "798"), ("799", "74", "Creation", "How does your solution support the requisition process for new RFx and SOW requests?", "Looking for how new requests can be created, submitted or received from other systems; can RFx be routed for approvals? Are SOW requests routed for approval before or after contract negotiations and final dollar amounts included? Or both? ", "799"), ("800", "74", "Integration", "How does your solution integrate with client organization ERP or other requisition systems?", "Looking for range of systems / platforms that can be integrated and how flexible is your solution to align with those other systems. What are the limitations? How seamless are the integrations - punch outs? APIs? etc. ", "800"), ("801", "75", "Creation", "How does your solution support RFx creation?", "From scratch, re-use, templates, by SOW type, department, etc", "801"), ("802", "75", "RFx Event Management", "How does your solution support development of RFx supplier lists?", "Pull from current/prior suppliers providing similar services, preferred supplier lists by SOW / Services type; invite new SOW suppliers to receive and respond to RFx without having to fully register in client environment.", "802"), ("803", "75", "RFx Event Management", "How does your solution support distribution of RFx to suppliers?", "All at once; one at a time; adding new suppliers after initial release. What is sent to supplier - link? Attachments? other? Can receipt acknowledgement be required? Supplier acceptance or decline?", "803"), ("804", "75", "RFx Event Management", "How does your solution support sourcing event management by different parties (ie roles, internal/external MSP, team collaboration and review)?", "From release of RFx by a certain contact to receipt of response submission notifications to management of Q&A with suppliers, etc.", "804"), ("805", "75", "RFx Event Management", "How does your solution support RFx response submission from suppliers?", "Features in the solution that support the supplier end user; attachments; required fields; confirm receipt; status; etc", "805"), ("806", "75", "Response Rules", "Does your solution support directed response structures? For instance, fixed fee, deliverables based, time & material, etc. as configured by client organization in the RFx?", "Is response structure configurable? Can certain structures be required? Can solution be configured to allow supplier to select response structure? ", "806"), ("807", "75", "Response Rules", "Does your solution support multiple RFx response submissions from suppliers?", "Can multiple response structures be used/submitted for the same request? Can client control / configure this? Can supplier be given the option?", "807"), ("808", "75", "Communication", "How does your solution support requests for additional information from suppliers or communication during RFx events?", "Can the original RFx be amended? How is this done? Can it be done by individual supplier? For the entire supplier population?", "808"), ("809", "75", "Communication", "How does your solution support supplier questions and client answers during RFx event?", "Is there a separate Q&A tab or section of the RFx object? Can client configure which suppliers see which questions and which answers? Can timing / access to Q&A be controlled by client/program manager/MSP?", "809"), ("810", "76", "Scoring", "How does your solution support client use of supplier selection criteria and RFx response scoring?", "inline scorecard; weighting; configurable by admin or users; templates; re-use; how applies to multiple responses from same supplier.", "810"), ("811", "76", "Evaluation Team", "How does your solution support client team based evaluation?", "Inline scoring by multi-user team; aggregation of scoring; user comments or questions; comparative view of responses.", "811"), ("812", "76", "Scoring", "How does your solution support supplier status and down selection during RFx event?", "Ability to rank or status supplier respondents and whether supplier sees that ranking / status or not; ability to decline / dismiss supplier; comparative view or down selected supplier responses.", "812"), ("813", "77", "Communication", "How does your solution support communications between client and SOW suppliers during RFx response and or SOW negotiations? ", "Ability to communicate inline; ability to communicate with all, one or subset of supplier respondents; ability to make proposed changes to RFx response or SOW version and have supplier review/accept changes.", "813"), ("814", "77", "Negotiation", "How does your solution support and control multiple supplier RFx response and or SOW negotiations to be conducted in parallel?", "Control over client commitment to supplier(s); conditional proposals; ablity to review and compare mock up responses / SOWs for tracking of negotiation movements.", "814"), ("815", "78", "Creation", "How does your solution support SOW creation?", "De novo development; templates; re-use; duplicate; etc", "815"), ("816", "78", "Creation", "Does your solution allow SOW creation from RFx response?", "Use of supplier response (or any subset of terms in the response, including header or supplier information) to initiate the SOW vs starting SOW from template or develop from scratch.", "816"), ("817", "78", "Segmentation", "How does your solution support different SOW or project types?", "Ability to segment templates by spend category or sub category types; ablity to segment SOW by category / sub category; route or workflow SOW based on SOW category or sub category type.", "817"), ("818", "78", "Collaboration", "How does your solution support SOW supplier & client collaboration in the development of SOW terms, resources, etc?", "Ability to collaborate internally and with supplier for any and all aspects of SOW development or completion, including entering SOW resource names, roles, etc.", "818"), ("819", "78", "SOW Linking", "How does your solution allow sub-projects (ie child SOWs) to be tied to a master project (ie parent SOW)?", "Address structural relationship between related SOWs; approval of each; reporting of each and in aggregate; ability to sever or change the SOW relationships and structure.", "819"), ("820", "78", "Master Terms", "How does your solution govern SOW supplier MSA terms (ie payment terms, insurance requirements, etc) in SOW engagements, particularly when they conflict?", "Example; payment terms in MSA = net 30, but in SOW it is net 10. Any controls to resolve / avoid this conflict, override capability, etc.?", "820"), ("821", "78", "SOW Linking", "How does your solution support the establishment of or association of the SOW with project IDs or work order #s?", "Ability to mark, flag or otherwise identify SOW by client or supplier based identifies.", "821"), ("822", "78", "Electronic Signature", "How does your solution support electronic signature or both party approvals of SOWs?", "Use or integration of e-signature technologies; system controlled and auditable support of both party approvals.", "822"), ("836", "78", "SOW Development", "How does your solution support dynamic SOW language and terms development, including use of terms & clauses inventory, search, versioning, redlining, integration with Word or other contract or document development solution?", "Ability to support redlining and versioning of SOW terms and language; describe access and use of stored terms/ clauses / sections of SOW language; upload and download capabilities; tracking of changes by user; historic view of changes; review accept/reject changes or edits; ec.", "836"), ("837", "79", "SOW Structure", "How does your solution support multiple pricing / fee structures within the same SOW?", "Ability to have complex SOW structure that includes any combination of available rate or fee structures.", "837"), ("838", "79", "SLA Management", "How does your solution support, control and track Service Level Agreements within SOWs?", "Includes ability to support SLAs and support both parties in monitoring adherence; integrations with 3rd party SLA tracking software; how is adherence controlled; attachments; acknowledgements or approvals.", "838"), ("839", "79", "SOW Structure", "How does your solution support conditional fees / payments?", "For instance, based on SLA adherence, meeting acceptance criteria and or bonus/penalty terms.", "839"), ("840", "79", "Offshore Projects", "How does your solution track and support offshore projects / SOWs?", "From deliverables to tracking offshore workers.", "840"), ("841", "80", "Amendments", "How does your solution support changes to SOW scope and or commercial terms (amendments)?", "Are amendments developed and approved in the solution? DOes solution support changes to scope or just changes to commercial terms?", "841"), ("842", "80", "Monitoring", "How does your solution track and support management of expiring SOW engagements?", "Notifications / reporting to client organization; configuration of notice; handling of engagement activity (ie payment requests) post expiration; etc.", "842"), ("843", "80", "SOW Resources", "How does your solution track SOW resources (headcount) and support the addition, change and deletion of SOW supplier resources on an SOW engagement?", "Is headcount tracking included in SOW or is it separate, free standing? How does the headcount tracking work?", "843"), ("844", "80", "Integration", "How does your solution support and integrate with client organization project management, SLA management and resource management software applications?", "Ability to integrate with 3rd party software; uploads, downloads or feeds from project management software.", "844"), ("845", "80", "SOW Resources", "How does your solution track and support named personnel of the SOW supplier?", "Can on boarding or other activities be tied to named personnel? What are those capabilities?", "845"), ("846", "80", "SOW Resources", "How does your solution track and support onboarding and compliance of SOW resources?", "Looking for configurable and assignable requirements at the individual OSW worker level. For instance, individual NDA and other individual requirements.", "846"), ("847", "80", "Compliance", "How does your solution track, report and control counterparty contract compliance with SLAs, acceptance criteria and other contractual terms?", "Is compliance automated? If so, how? Does the solution support program manager / MSP in monitoring compliance?", "847"), ("848", "80", "Scorecards", "How does your solution support SOW supplier and or SOW engagement scorecarding, feedback gathering and evaluation?", NULL, "848"), ("849", "81", "T&M Support", "How does your solution support the use of rate cards for T&M rates and defined services?", "Looking for standard and SOW supplier specific rate cards; any tie-in to the Temp Staffing rate card? Is rate card SOW / supplier / SOW type specific? How are rate cards leveraged across multiple SOWs, SOW types, suppliers?", "849"), ("850", "81", "Payment Requests - milestone", "How does your solution support and control requests for payment for completed deliverables or milestones?", "What if deliverables / milestones are not complete? How is this controlled? ", "850"), ("851", "81", "Payment Requests - time & materials", "How does your solution support and control requests for payment for time & material based services?", "Can the system support summary invoicing based on approved hours? Can deliverables and milestones also drive / control T&M payment requests?", "851"), ("852", "81", "Payment Requests - other", "How does your solution support and control requests for payment for non-milestone/deliverable and non-time & materials payments?", "Ability to support other payment request types either in conjunction with other payment types or alone. For instance, retainers, periodic payments, percent complete, expense reimbursements.", "852"), ("853", "81", "Payment Requests - interim", "How does your solution support and govern interim payment requests?", "Ability to configure / control terms of allowable interim payments.", "853"), ("854", "81", "Program Support", "How does your solution support invoice aggegation across a single supplier or payee?", "Address timing, configuration, different SOW or other spend types, approval, and governing terms.", "854"), ("855", "81", "Payment Requests", "How does your solution support supplier payment request (invoice) upload files?", "How is the supplier supported for entering payment requests, time sheets, payment documentation; also integration with supplier billing software.", "855"), ("856", "81", "Supplier Support", "How does your solution support reconcilitation of supplier payment request and payments to suppliers? ", "Does your solution have the ability to reference invoice number line items to T&E entries or other such line item detail?", "856"), ("857", "81", "Disputes", "How does your solution support, report and track disputes over payment requests and payments?", NULL, "857"), ("858", "81", "Supplier Support", "How does your solution support invoicing (payment requests) across supplier\'s multiple SOWs that run concurrently?", NULL, "858"), ("859", "81", "Conditional Payments", "How does your solution support and control supplier submission and client approval of SOW payment requests tied to SLAs, acceptance criteria or other conditions of payment?", NULL, "859"), ("860", "81", "Taxes", "How does your solution support client organization reporting, filing and compliance with appropriate tax authorities?", "Can your solution support tax-specific integrations? How are SOW and pay request structures suited to allow tax line items? ", "860"), ("861", "81", "Allocations", "How does your solution support cross-departmental allocations of SOW projects and deliverables or milestones within SOWs?", "Looking for flexibility to allocate SOW expenditures ", "861"), ("862", "81", "Capital Projects", "How does your solution support capital SOW projects?", "Looking for reporting capabilites; special approval routing; % allocations of SOW o deliverables to the capital account; accounting codes; separation of SOW related costs.", "862"), ("863", "81", "Accruals", "How does your solution support the client need for managing financial accruals?", NULL, "863"), ("864", "81", "Payment Status", "How does your solution support invoice, approval and payment status inquiries for client and supplier personnel?", NULL, "864"), ("865", "81", "Program Support", "How does your solution support internal/external MSP monitoring and tracking of SOW payment requests, approvals and payments?", NULL, "865"), ("866", "81", "Budget Monitoring", "How does your solution support SOW budget management for the supplier and client?", "Alerts, tolerances, etc", "866"), ("874", "82", "Standard reports", "To what extent/how does the solution provide standard reports that are (a) specific to SOWs (e.g., headcount, tenure, rates, role, etc) and (b) not specific to SOWs(e.g., ", NULL, "874"), ("877", "82", "Specialized dashboards", "To what extent/how does the solution provide specialized SOW management dashboards?", NULL, "877"), ("882", "82", "Deep category analysis", "To what extent/how does the solution support deep analysis into the Temp Staffing spend category? (including rates, performance, etc)", NULL, "882"), ("942", "83", "Repurposing of an existing system", "Is the solution a repurposing of a functionalty and workflows of a pre-existing system designed for another purpose (e.g., ERP, VMS, etc.)                                                                                                                             such that IWC functionality, workflows, configurability are limited, incomplete, etc.? ", NULL, "942"), ("943", "83", "Leverage leverage/consume objects/components/\"services\" of a broader platform", "Does the solution leverage/consume objects/components/\"services\" of a broader SOA or micro-services \"platform\" that can support many fit-for-purpose applications with rich functionality, definable workflows, high configurability?", NULL, "943"), ("944", "83", "Stand-alone product", "Is the solution or can the solution be provisioned as a viable standalone product?", NULL, "944"), ("945", "84", "Pre-requisition planning", "To what extent/how does the solution support pre-requisition planning of a project/engagement", "Are there solutions that allows a business end-user to model a project in terms of time, budget, human capital requirements costs, milestones, deliverables?", "945"), ("946", "84", "Requisitioning micro-businesses", "How does the solution support requisitioning of small (several person), incorporated service providers in addition to individual ICWs", NULL, "946"), ("947", "84", "Specialized interface/workflow", "To what extent does your solution provide the the requisitioning manager with a specialized ICW user interface and requisitioning lifecycle workflow (from prerequestion planning or create requisition to selection of resource)? ", "Is the user interface and workflow functionally limited/incomplete or complex to navigate for most clients ?  Is there a well organized, intuitive interface and easy-to-navigate, perhaps analytically-guided functionality and seamless workflows across the lifecycle?  Perhaps a dashboard that shows all requistions and their stage of progress.", "947"), ("948", "84", "Integrated/unified buying experience", "To what extent/how does the solution support an integrated/unified buying (requisitioning) across different spend categories", "Is there an isolated ICW buying interface?  Or is ICW buying an option among ot other buy categories such as temp staffing or complex/SOW services or even good buying?", "948"), ("949", "84", "PO process integration", "To what extent/how does the solution support integration with the company-wide PO/approval process", NULL, "949"), ("950", "84", "Route requisition to internal recruiters", "To what extent/how does the solution support routing a requisition to an internal talent acquisition team", NULL, "950"), ("951", "84", "Route requisition requisition to  career/job site", "To what extent/how does the solution support routing a requisition to client business\' career/job site?", NULL, "951"), ("952", "84", "Route requisition to external recruiters/RPOs", "To what extent/how does the solution support routing a requisition to an external recruiter/RPO", NULL, "952"), ("953", "84", "Route requisition to external talent platforms", "To what extent/how does the solution support routing a requisition to an external [3rd Party] talent aggregation/acquisition platform (e.g., an online martketplace)", NULL, "953"), ("954", "84", "Rate cards for ICWs", "To what extent/how does the solution support ICW rate cards?", NULL, "954"), ("955", "85", "From private talent pools", "To what extent/how does the solution enable self-sourcing from private talent pools? See Talent Pools", NULL, "955"), ("956", "85", "From an online marketplace(s) ", "To what extent/how does the solution enable self-sourcing from  an online marketplace(s) -- Proprietary (Capitive) or external 3rd party", NULL, "956"), ("957", "85", "Put projects out to bid", "To what extent/how does the solution enable putting projects out to bid and receiving bids?", NULL, "957"), ("958", "85", "Compare bids", "To what extent/how does the solution support comparing/evaluating/awarding bids?", NULL, "958"), ("959", "86", "Worker classification compliance assurance", "To what extent/how does the solution support worker classification evaluation, recommendation, risk management?  See 12- ICEC Enablement - Integration ", "(range from basic/limited to comprehensive)", "959"), ("960", "86", "Other compliance assurance", "How does the solution support collect, validation and storing of credentials, licenses, certification, background checks, identity verfication, insurance)", NULL, "960"), ("961", "86", "ICW access to business services", "To what extent/how does the solution support ICW access to and purchase of required services (legal, insurance, etc.)", NULL, "961"), ("962", "86", "Contract development", "To what extent/how does your solution support/enable IWC contract development, negotiation, redlining processes", NULL, "962"), ("963", "86", "Word integration", "To what extent/how does your solution support/enable Word integration", NULL, "963"), ("964", "86", "Library of templates", "To what extent/how does your solution support/enable a library of templates, clauses, etc.", NULL, "964"), ("965", "86", "Approval process", "To what extent/how does your solution support/enable approval process", "Workflow/tracking?  e-Signatures?", "965"), ("966", "86", "Online document management", "To what extent/how does your solution support  online storage and management of contract documentation.", NULL, "966"), ("967", "86", "Contract details available in downstream workflows", "Can the solution \"push\" the contract info (ICWs, milestones, deliverables, etc.) to project execution/management workflow", NULL, "967"), ("968", "86", "Activate AOR or EOR", "How does the solution enable the activation of ICW for AOR/1099 or EOR/W2 processing (by solution\'s own/captive provider process)", NULL, "968"), ("969", "86", "Activate AOR or EOR", "How does the solution enable the activation of ICW for AOR/1099 or EOR/W2 processing (by external 3rd party process )", NULL, "969"), ("970", "87", "Onboarding process", "How does the solution enable onboarding process (from activation to start work)", "Tracking of steps, notifications, ICW checklist,  provide ICW access to company documentation (e.g., policies)", "970"), ("971", "88", "End-to-end project management", "To what extent does your solution provide the manager of an project (IWC engagement) with a specialized user interface and execution management  lifecycle workflow(from onboarding to off-boarding? cockpit/dashboard", NULL, "971"), ("972", "88", "Hourly engagements - time sheets", "How does your solution support an hourly IWC engagement (including timesheets)", NULL, "972"), ("973", "88", "Project \"workspace\"", "To what extent does your solution provide project structure/\"workspace\" where project member(s),  tasks/milestones can be managed.", NULL, "973"), ("974", "88", "Blended external ad internal teams", "To what extent does your solution support inclusion of BOTH ICWs and internal employees in the project structure/\"workspace", NULL, "974"), ("975", "88", "Team communication/collaboration", "To what extent/how does your solution support team communicationsand collaboration?", NULL, "975"), ("976", "88", "Project document storage", "To what extent/how does your solution support storage and management of project artifacts (e.g., documents, software, etc.)                               ", NULL, "976"), ("977", "88", "Tracking of interim milestones/ deliverables", "To what extent/how does your solution enable tracking of milestone progress and deliverables                            ", NULL, "977"), ("978", "88", "Interim timesheet deliverables", NULL, NULL, "978"), ("979", "88", "Issues detection/escalation", "To what extent/how does your solution enable project performance tracking to surface problems over the course of the project                          ", NULL, "979"), ("980", "88", "Change orders", "To what extent/how does your solution support issuing / processing of change orders                        ", NULL, "980"), ("981", "88", "Change order - financial process integration", "To what extent does your solution integrate change order processing with financial and contract management processes                       ", NULL, "981"), ("982", "88", "Final deliverables approvals", "To what extent/how does your solution enable approval of final project deliverables ", NULL, "982"), ("983", "88", "Final timesheet approvals", "To what extent/how does your solution enable approval of final timesheets", NULL, "983"), ("984", "88", "End of project performance rating", "To what extent/how does your solution enable rating of ICW (and small contract service provider) at end of project/engagement", NULL, "984"), ("985", "89", "Archiving project artifacts", "To what extent/how does your solution enable archiving project/engagement details (members, contracts, performance, deliverables, other project artifacts) for sharing across the organization", NULL, "985"), ("986", "89", "Off-boarding checklist", "To what extent/how does your solution enable off-boarding from organization using task/check list, notifications (e.g., badge request), etc.", NULL, "986"), ("987", "89", "Off-boarding to talent pools", "To what extent/how does your solution enable off-board ICWs to previous or different talent pools (with profiles updated to reflect project participation, results, individual ratings)                               ", NULL, "987"), ("988", "90", "Invoice-to-payment integrated process and visibility ", "To what extent does your solution provide business user users to act within and have visibility into an end-to-end invoice-to-payment integrated workflow and visibility ", NULL, "988"), ("989", "90", "Paper invoices", "To what extent/how does your solution support processing of paper invoices", NULL, "989"), ("990", "90", "Electronic invoices", "To what extent/how does your solution support processing of electronic invoices", NULL, "990"), ("991", "90", "IWC invoice creation capability", "To what extent/how are ICWs enabled to create and submit their own invoices as a part of your solution", NULL, "991"), ("992", "90", "Review and approval of invoices", "To what extent/how does your solution enable review and approval of invoices", NULL, "992"), ("993", "90", "Invoice-PO reconcilliation", "To what extent/how does your solution enable invoice-PO reconciliation and exception processing", NULL, "993"), ("994", "90", "Payment terms", "To what extent/how does your solution enable support different payment terms", NULL, "994"), ("995", "90", "Escrow", "To what extent/how does your solution enable escrow funding and payment release", NULL, "995"), ("996", "90", "Payment by check", "To what extent/how does your solution enable payment of ICW by check (can be through 3rd party Intermediary)", NULL, "996"), ("997", "90", "Payment by ACH", "To what extent/how does your solution enable payment of ICW ACH  (can be through 3rd party intermediary)", NULL, "997"), ("998", "90", "International payments", "To what extent/how does your solution enable payment of ICW by international payment system (PayPal, Payoneer, Stripe, Hyperwallet, etc.)", NULL, "998"), ("999", "90", "Alternative payments", "To what extent/how does your solution enable payment of ICW by \"alternative\" payment systems (Bitcoin, Ethereum, etc.)", NULL, "999"), ("1000", "91", "Define/create talent pools", "To what extent/how does your solution enable definition and creation/set-up of talent pools by the different \"roles\" -- \"system admin\"/\"super user,\" and/or business end user (e.g. manager)", NULL, "1000"), ("1001", "91", "Talent pool rights/privileges", "To what extent/how does your solution enable setting of privileges/rights to view, access, change private talent pools", NULL, "1001"), ("1002", "91", "Onboarding ICWs into talent pools", "To what extent/how does your solution enable onboarding of ICW into talent pools from various pre-identified, known populations (e.g., alumni, senior medalists)", NULL, "1002"), ("1003", "91", "Onboarding ICWs into talent pools from external platforms", "To what extent/how does your solution enable onboarding of ICW into talent pools from various online platform/marketplaces", NULL, "1003"), ("1004", "91", "Onboading internal employees into talent poolsr", "To what extent/how does your solution enable assignment or an organization\'s employees into talent pools", NULL, "1004"), ("1005", "91", "Assignment/reassignment across talent pools", "To what extent/how does your solution enable assignment and reassignment of workers to/from talent pools", NULL, "1005"), ("1006", "91", "ICW  (if applicable, internal employee) online profiles", "To what extent/how does your solution enable dynamic worker profiles and what info do they contain  (screenshot(s))", NULL, "1006"), ("1007", "91", "Communication with ICWs in talent pools", "To what extent/how does your solution enable communications between business end user and workers in talent pools (i.e, that are not assigned to projects)", NULL, "1007"), ("1008", "91", "On-boarding ICWs into projects", "How does your solution enable onboarding of workers from talent pools into projects/assigments", NULL, "1008"), ("1009", "92", "Mobile devices supported", "What mobile devices are supported by your solution?", NULL, "1009"), ("1010", "92", "Business end-user visibility into processes", "To what extent/how does your mobile solution enable a business end-user\'s visibility into and actions in any or all parts of the source-to-pay life cycle workflows (Sourcing, Engagement, Invoicing-Settlement-Payment) via mobile device?", NULL, "1010"), ("1011", "92", "ICW visibility into processes", "To what extent/how does your mobile solution enable an ICW\'s visibility into and actions in any or all parts of the source-to-pay life cycle workflows (Sourcing, Engagement, Invoicing-Settlement-Payment) via mobile device?", NULL, "1011"), ("1012", "92", "Mobile ICW dispatch and tracking", "To what extent/how does your mobile solution enable a business end user\'s mobile dispatch and tracking of an ICW with GPS/GIS ", NULL, "1012"), ("1013", "93", "Proprietary/Capitive marketplace", "To what extent/how does your solution integrate with your \"captive marketplace\" Note:  captive = the solution and the marketplace are part of one company", NULL, "1013"), ("1014", "93", "External 3rd party marketplace(s)", "To what extent/how does your solution integrate with with one or more external 3rd party online marketplaces", NULL, "1014"), ("1015", "94", "VMS-specific capabilities (captive VMS)", "To what extent/how does your solution integrate with your \"captive VMS\" Note:  captive = the solution and the VMS are part of one company", NULL, "1015"), ("1016", "94", "VMS-specific capabilities (3rd party VMS)", "To what extent/how does your solution integrate with other \"3rd party VMSs\" ", NULL, "1016"), ("1017", "94", "Number of 3rd party VMS integrations today", "If there are integrations with  \"3rd-party VMSs,\" how many and with what VMSs?", NULL, "1017"), ("1018", "95", "MSP-specific capabilities (captive MSP)", "What S2P solution functionalities, workflows, information are provided for your \"captive MSP\" end-users? Note:  captive = the solution and the MSP are part of one company", NULL, "1018"), ("1019", "95", "MSP-specific capabilities (3rd party MSPs)", "What S2P solution functionalities, workflows, information are provided for other \"3rd-party MSP\" end-users? ", NULL, "1019"), ("1020", "95", "Integration with MSP\'s systems", "How does your solution integrate with a  \"3rd-party MSP\'s\" own internal (proprietary) functionalities, workflows, information?", NULL, "1020"), ("1021", "95", "Number of 3rd party integrations today", "If there are integrations with  \"3rd-party MSPs,\" how many and with what MSPs?", NULL, "1021"), ("1022", "96", "Worker classification assurance (captive ICEC)", "If \"captive ICEC,\" how are worker classification tests and determination performed, based on what capabilities and with degree of integration with your core solution? Note:  captive = solution and ICEC are part of one company", NULL, "1022"), ("1023", "96", "Worker classification assurance (3rd Party ICEC)", "If \"3rd-party ICEC,\" how are worker classification tests and determination performed, based on what capabilities and with degree of integration with your core solution? rs? ", NULL, "1023"), ("1024", "96", "Integration with ICEC\'s systems", "How does your solution integrate with a  \"3rd-party ICEC\'s\" own internal (proprietary) functionalities, workflows, information?", NULL, "1024"), ("1025", "96", "Number of integrations today", "If there are integrations with  \"3rd-party ICECs,\" how many are there?", NULL, "1025"), ("1026", "97", "Payment services (captive AOR/EOR)", "If \"captive AOR/EOR,\" what payment services are provided, how and with degree of integration with your core solution? Note:  captive = solution and AOR/EOR are part of one company", NULL, "1026"), ("1027", "97", "Worker classification assurance (captive AOR/EOR)", "If \"captive AOR/EOR,\" how are worker classification tests and determination performed, based on what capabilities and with degree of integration with your core solution? ", NULL, "1027"), ("1028", "97", "Payment services (3rd Party AOR/EOR)", "If \"3rd party AOR/EOR,\" what payment services are provided, how and with degree of integration with your core solution? Note:  captive = solution and AOR/EOR are part of one company", NULL, "1028"), ("1029", "97", "Worker classification assurance (3rd Party AOR/EOR)", "If \"3rd-party AOR/EOR,\" how are worker classification tests and determination performed, based on what capabilities and with degree of integration with your core solution? rs? ", NULL, "1029"), ("1030", "97", "Integration with AOR/EOR\'s systems", "How does your solution integrate with a \"3rd-party AOR/EOR\'s\" own internal (proprietary) functionalities, workflows, information?", NULL, "1030"), ("1031", "97", "Number of integrations today (3rd party AOR/EOR", "If there are integrations with  \"3rd-party AOR/EOR,\" how many, and which ones?", NULL, "1031"), ("1039", "98", "Standard reports", "To what extent/how does the solution provide standard reports that are (a) specific to IWCs (e.g., numbers of IWCs classified 1099 or W2 or incorporated, spend on hourly vs. fixed amount engagements/projects) and (b) not specific to IWCs (e.g., time-to-fill, etc)?", NULL, "1039"), ("1042", "98", "Specialized dashboards", "To what extent/how does the solution provide specialized ICW management dashboards?", NULL, "1042"), ("1047", "98", "Deep category analysis", "To what extent/how does the solution support deep analysis into the ICW spend category? (including rates, performance, etc)", NULL, "1047"), ("1048", "99", "Searching and matching algorithms", "In your solution, what \"algorithmic/cognitive systems\" (boolean, semantic, NLP, AI/machine learning, etc.) are used to enable searching and matching?", NULL, "1048"), ("1049", "99", "Guided insights/decisions", "To what extent/how--and where--does your solution integrate and leverage \"algorithmic/cognitive systems\" to provided business end-users with insights and decision guldance/recommendations?", NULL, "1049"), ("1050", "99", "Auto decisions, workflows, triggers", "To what extent/how--and where--does your solution integrate and leverage \"algorithmic/cognitive systems\" to take actions with workflows or trigger other processes?", NULL, "1050"), ("1051", "100", "Data captured/stored in database", "What is the scope and depth of the data retained within the solution?", NULL, "1051"), ("1052", "100", "Data file extraction", "To what extent/how can data be retrieved from the solution into data files? What file types?", NULL, "1052"), ("1053", "100", "User-defined extracts", "To what extent/how does the solution enable user-defined data extracts?", NULL, "1053"), ("1054", "100", "User-defined searches/queries", "To what extent/how does the solution suppport user-defined searches/queries?", NULL, "1054"), ("1055", "100", "User-defined reports", "To what extent/how does the solution enable user-defined reports?", NULL, "1055"), ("1056", "100", "BI solution integration", "To what extent/how does the solution integrate with 3rd party business intelligence solutions?", NULL, "1056"), ("1057", "100", "Real-time inteligence", "To what extent/how does the solution provide real-time intelligence through dashboards?", NULL, "1057"), ("1058", "100", "KPI tracking", "How does your solution support  KPI tracking (ie time to fill, other cycle time reporting, etc), scorecards and 3rd party provider evaluations?", NULL, "1058"), ("1059", "100", "3rd party reporting needs", "How does your solution support reporting needs of 3rd party providers (ie MSPs, IC compliance, etc.)?", NULL, "1059"), ("1060", "100", "Spend analysis", "To what extent/how does the solution support formal \"spend analysis\"", NULL, "1060"), ("1061", "101", "On-Premise Software Option", "If you do not offer an on premise option, what private cloud capabilities do you offer (e.g., to have data reside locally -- and fully encrypted at rest)? If you have such \'private cloud\' capabilities, please describe how it works in conjunction with any \'public cloud\' application deployment models you support.", NULL, "1061"), ("1062", "101", "Saas/Cloud and On-Premise Deployments", "Please break down your customer base and their deployment model (% public cloud, % private cloud, % on premise).", NULL, "1062"), ("1063", "101", "Data Technology and Management - database", "What type/types of database technology(ies) support the solution? Relational/SQL?  NO-SQL?  Hadoop?  ", NULL, "1063"), ("1064", "101", "Data Technology and Management - types of data", "What is the extent of support for semi-structured and unstructured data in the platform, especially from an analytics standpoint? Please describe in detail!", NULL, "1064"), ("1065", "101", "Data Technology and Management - \"big data\"", "To what extent does the platform support \"big data\"? How scalable is it? How much control over separation and data store mapping does the buyer have?", NULL, "1065"), ("1066", "101", "Data Technology and Management - data dictionary", "Describe your ability to customize/tailor terminology to business-specific terminology using data dictionaries or other approaches", NULL, "1066"), ("1067", "101", "Data Technology and Management -error correction", "To what extent can the platform support the auto-detection of missing or needed data? Erroneous data? ", NULL, "1067"), ("1068", "101", "Software Architecture/Platforms - type/stack", "Please describe your core software architecture. Is it a modern MVC architecture? ", NULL, "1068"), ("1069", "101", "Software Architecture/Platforms - programming languages ", "What are the primary languages (C++/Java/Ruby) and technologies used?", NULL, "1069"), ("1070", "101", "Security", "Generally, describe your information security approach. Specifically, are you ISO certified (27001) and do you support encryption (including encryption at rest)?  ", NULL, "1070"), ("1071", "101", "User Experience ", "To what extent does your solution provide UX that is modern, intuitive, easy to use, easy to navigate and on-the-ready help and guidance", NULL, "1071"), ("1072", "101", "User Experience - design", "Please describe your user experience design approach, including your approach to navigation, menu elements (and ability to hide elements), columns, overall form structure/organization, visual design, product workflow. What other UIs have inspired your design (in the consumer or business world)? ", NULL, "1072"), ("1073", "101", "User Experience - status", "When was your overall UI framework last implemented or updated?", NULL, "1073"), ("1074", "101", "User Experience - development team", "How many full-time UI designers are on your team?", NULL, "1074"), ("1075", "101", "Access Control - logins", "Does the application support the concept of user names/logins?", NULL, "1075"), ("1076", "101", "Access Control -  single sign-on", "Does the application support single sign-on (SSO)?", NULL, "1076"), ("1077", "101", "Access Control - add users", "How are users added to the system? Who has access to perform this function? Can custom user roles be created?", NULL, "1077"), ("1078", "101", "Access Control - right/roles", "How are access rights and permissions assigned to a user/role?", NULL, "1078"), ("1079", "101", "Access Control", "How fine grained is the role/data/action based security options on the platform and how configurable are they?", NULL, "1079"), ("1080", "101", "Mobile - solution scope", "Explain the use of mobile technology within your solutions overall and your roadmap for future mobile adoption.", NULL, "1080"), ("1081", "101", "Mobile - solution roadmap", "What is your roadmap for mobile capabilities?", NULL, "1081"), ("1082", "101", "Mobile - usage", "What percentage of system interactions today are driven by mobile clients?", NULL, "1082"), ("1083", "101", "Standards", "Describe your support for open standards, particularly surrounding document/data standards. How has this has been developed / implemented? Are you working with / driving any standards-body initiatives? Do you provide a platform that enables others to develop or co-develop capabilities? Do you provide a platform for supplier to integrate their financial and accounting systems through a standards-driven environment?", NULL, "1083"), ("1084", "101", "Other solutions", "Describe other relevant, best-of-breed, systems that the platform integrates with and the extent of the integration.", NULL, "1084"), ("1085", "101", "OCR", "Explain the use of OCR/Scanning technology within your solutions (if used) and roadmap plans. ", NULL, "1085"), ("1086", "101", "AI/Machine Learning - application", "Do you offer any form of AI/machine learning with your existing production system? If so, please describe how and where.", NULL, "1086"), ("1087", "101", "AI/Machine Learning - team", "Do you employ data scientists on staff? If so, please describe your team and its credentials.", NULL, "1087"), ("1088", "101", "AI/Machine Learning - road map", "What is in your roadmap in these areas? ", NULL, "1088"), ("1089", "101", "Conversational Systems", "Explain the use of conversational technology within your solutions in such areas as user-initiated help requests, guided buying, etc. Please describe your roadmap in this area.", NULL, "1089"), ("1090", "101", "Block Chain", "Explain the use of block chain technology within your solutions or concrete plans to deploy block chain in future releases. ", NULL, "1090"), ("1091", "101", "Block Chain Support", "What type of block chain capabilities are you actively researching and/or developing (e.g., \"smart contracts\")? ", NULL, "1091"), ("1092", "101", "Internet of Things (IoT)", "Explain the use of IoT technology within your solutions (if used) and your IoT roadmap (if applicable).", NULL, "1092"), ("1093", "102", "Implementation", "To what extent/how does your solution provide  professional services for solution implementation.", "Planning support?    Project Management? Solution Configuration? Training? Separate fee or bundled?", "1093"), ("1094", "102", "System Integration-Customization", "To what extent/how does your solution provide  services to integrate with internal systems (e.g., VMS, ERP, Financial, HCM/TMS).", "Design?  Development?  Testing?  Separate fee or bundled?", "1094"), ("1095", "102", "System Integration-Customization", "To what extent/how does your solution provide  services to integrate with 3rd party applications, solutions, service To what extent/how does your solution provide rs (e.g., BI, data, background check, worker classification systems, payrolling) ", "Design?  Development?  Testing?  Coordination with 3rd Parties? Separate fee or bundled?", "1095"), ("1096", "102", "System Integration-Customization", "To what extent/how does your solution provide  software development services for solution customization", "Design?  Development?  Testing? Separate fee or bundled?", "1096"), ("1097", "102", "Account Management", "To what extent/how does your solution provide  account management service", "Dedicated AM?  Scope of responsibilities/services?  Separate fee or bundled?", "1097"), ("1098", "102", "Ongoing Solution- Technical Support", "To what extent/how does your solution provide  an online portal?", "FAQ?  Documentation?  Troubleshooting Wizards? Separate fee or bundled?", "1098"), ("1099", "102", "Ongoing Solution- Technical Support", "To what extent/how does your solution provide  call in and /or chat service?", "What is the scope of the service?  Software functionality help?  Technical problem resolution? What are the hours? How is it staffed?  What are the SLAs? Separate fee or bundled?", "1099"), ("1100", "102", "Ongoing Solution- Technical Support", "To what extent/how does your solution provide  an online forum, community, crowd?", "Bulletin board-like forum?  Search for problems-questions and solutions/answers? More sophisticated?  ", "1100"), ("1101", "102", "Comprehensive MSP", "To what extent/how does your solution provide  a range of different  (multiple) value-added, supporting services", "Program planning, execution management?  Supplier Management?  Spend Analysis?  Candidate sourcing, screening, management?  Other:  classification, AOR, payrolling, etc.  Always bundled with technology solution? Separate fee or bundled? Proprietary or 3rd party To what extent/how does your solution provide d?", "1101"), ("1102", "102", "Worker Classification Screening-Determination", "To what extent/how does your solution provide  screening, determination, risk management services", "Automated screening/determinations?  Humans in the loop?  Paralegals? Attorneys? Risk metrics? Indemnification? Always bundled with technology solution? Separate fee or bundled? Proprietary or 3rd party To what extent/how does your solution provide d?", "1102"), ("1103", "102", "Contract Management", "To what extent/how does your solution provide  services to manage/execute all or part of CLM", "Document management?  Templates? Paralegals?  Attorneys? Contract development? Negotiations?  Tracking contract execution/performance?  Always bundled with technology solution? Separate fee or bundled? Proprietary or 3rd party To what extent/how does your solution provide d?", "1103"), ("1104", "102", "EOR-Payment", "To what extent/how does your solution provide  services to act as Employer of Record and payroll independent workers", "Payroll service To what extent/how does your solution provide r? Always bundled with technology solution? Separate fee or bundled? Proprietary or 3rd party To what extent/how does your solution provide d?", "1104"), ("1105", "102", "AOR-Payrolling", "To what extent/how does your solution provide  services to act as Agent of Record and pay independent contractors", "Support different payment options? Always bundled with technology solution? Separate fee or bundled? Proprietary or 3rd party To what extent/how does your solution provide d?", "1105"), ("1106", "102", "Invoice Reconciliation", "To what extent/how does your solution provide  invoice processing services ", "Invoice review/analysis?  Reconcilliation with PO/Contract? Always bundled with technology solution? Separate fee or bundled? Proprietary or 3rd party To what extent/how does your solution provide d?", "1106"), ("1107", "102", "Data Analysis ", "To what extent/how does your solution provide  data management and analysis services?", "Data storage-organization-processing? Spend Analysis? Process optimizatiion analysis?  Market- pricing analysis? Always bundled with technology solution? Separate fee or bundled? Proprietary or 3rd party To what extent/how does your solution provide d?", "1107"), ("1108", "102", "Talent Acquisition", "To what extent/how does your solution provide  services for sourcing/recruiting/attracting candidates?", "Recruiters?  RPO?  Scale? Talent attraction/sourcing technology/solutions (e.g. ATS, social, etc.?)? Always bundled with technology solution? Separate fee or bundled? Proprietary or 3rd party To what extent/how does your solution provide d?", "1108"), ("1109", "102", "Talent Curation", "To what extent/how does your solution provide  services for developing requirements, vetting, qualifying, managing, presentiing candidates?", "Assisting with requirements definition? Matching requirements and candidate attributes?  Background checks, etc? Ratings/references?  Talent pool management?  Always bundled with technology solution? Separate fee or bundled? Proprietary or 3rd party To what extent/how does your solution provide d?", "1109"), ("1110", "102", "Worker-facing", "To what extent/how does your solution provide  one or more services that support/enable individual workers", "Compliant legal structures (e.g. incorporations?)  Contract and other legal support?  Business and/or health insurance? Invoicing? Accounting? Tax reporting/filing? Always bundled with technology solution? Separate fee or bundled? Proprietary or 3rd party To what extent/how does your solution provide d?", "1110"), ("1111", "103", "Features scope/roadmap", "What globalization related features, enhancements and expansions are on the roadmap for your solution?", NULL, "1111"), ("1112", "103", "Program Support", "List the countries for which your solution is localized with regard to currency, language, and local rules and regs, for Temp Staffing", NULL, "1112"), ("1113", "103", "Actively Supported", "List the countries, currencies and languages that you are actively supporting for your customers.", NULL, "1113"), ("1114", "103", "Interviews", "How does your solution support contractor interview in multiple, different time zones? Respond for each spend type (ie Temp Staffing, ICW, SOW Services).", NULL, "1114"), ("1115", "103", "Foreign Currencies - multiple", "How does your solution support multiple currencies in the same contractor assignment, ICW or SOW engagement?", NULL, "1115"), ("1116", "103", "Foreign Currencies  - conversion", "How does your solution support currency conversions?", NULL, "1116"), ("1117", "103", "Reporting", "How does your solution support reporting in multiple currencies and across different countries, regions?", NULL, "1117"), ("1118", "103", "Payments", "Can you solution support payments in multiple currencies? Please elaborate.", NULL, "1118"), ("1119", "103", "Pre-Integrated Partners", "Do you have any pre-integrated partners to support globalization activities (e.g., PIXID)? ", NULL, "1119"), ("2000", "104", "Breadth", "How broad is the out-of-the-box data schema that underlies the analytics platform and what types of analytics does it support?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. Limited to spend/transactional/supplier data and a basic mirroring of the data model (to summarize/report data out of) from the applications 
2. An analytical shema that goes beyond reporting off of the workflow-centric data in order to provide deeper quantitative insights on numeric data.  Specific analytic data models are developed to allow deeper performance modeling, causal factor analysis, drill downs through master data taxonomies, etc.
3. An extended analytics schema that can also support textual data (and processing with reg-ex expressions, etc.) and use of data modeling beyond traditional relational database structures
4. Capabilities beyond the above and well beyond peers", "2000"), ("2001", "104", "Extensibility", "How extensible is the data schema that underlies the platform?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. Limited to a small set of fields in a pre-defined schema format (e.g., fixed data cubes for dice-and-slice)
2. Unlimited fields in all standard data formats can be added to the existing tables/objects in the schema AND additional tables/\'joins\' can be created on the fly (permissions allowing)
3. The schema can also support blobs, multimedia files, real time feeds and more modern data types - and the ability to analyze them (e.g., via NoSQL or equivalent database approaches)
4. Additional capabilities beyond above and beyond peers", "2001"), ("2002", "104", "Multi-Schema Support", "Can the platform support multiple data schemas, namely for tagging and taxonomies?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. Only a single schema, but tagging is supported 
2. Multiple schemas can be supported simultaneously, but one taxonomy per schema
3. Multiple taxonomies and tagging structures can be mapped to each schema, and each schema can be cross mapped against multiple taxonomies
4. Capabilities beyond the above and beyond peers", "2002"), ("2003", "104", "Federated Schema Support Capability", "What support is there for data schema federation and the integration of data sets across schemas?  (This capability uses data abstraction to allow mapping of disparate DBs into single virtual composite federated DB to use for analytics.)", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. Can import multiple data sets against multiple schemas, but they are not connected
2. Can import multiple data sets and link them across common fields
3. Can import unlimited data sets, cross-link them across common fields, and cross-link to external data sets and feeds 
4. Capabilities beyond the above and beyond peers", "2003"), ("2004", "104", "Multi-Taxonomy Support", "Can the platform support multiple data organization taxonomies for analysis and reporting mapped to the underlying data schemas?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. One taxonomy per schema
2. Multiple canned taxonomies can be modeled against a schema
3. Multiple user Taxonomies can be user defined and cross-linked across data schemas
4. Capabilities beyond above and beyond peers", "2004"), ("2005", "104", "Graph Model Support", "Does the platform support graph modeling?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. our system has a relational schema that also supports relational attributes by way of relationship tables on entity ideas and descriptive fields
2. our system (also) has an object database that allows related objects to be traversed using standard (textbook) graph traversal algorithms
3.our system (also) uses a true NoSQL Graph Database that allows for graph-based operations to be easily expressed and utilized in queries, views, and automation
4. capabilities beyond above and beyond peers", "2005"), ("2006", "105", "MDM Capability", "Does the platform support master data management?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. can ETL master data to the centralized (virtual) data store used by the analytics platform
2. can cleanse, standardize, match, index, enrich, and harmonize S2P data ETL\'d to the centralized master data store to the analytics data model being applied
3. can also serve as the MDM master for enterprise applications and push back harmonized data to the ERP, S2P, and other platforms as required
4. capabilities beyond above and beyond peers such as advanced harmonization through best practice views/models, application of AI, etc.", "2006"), ("2007", "105", "Data Archival and Auditability", "Does the platform support data archival, with full audit trails?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. Data can be archived on demand and loaded on demand, who archived or made the last change is recorded
2. Data can be archived automatically according to certain rules; full secure and unalterable audit trails of all changes are maintained so the user can always find out who changed what,when; and the archive can be easily searched and reported on 
3. the platform contains the ability to automatically identify unused data, archive it, and, if necessary, automatically reload it as needed and full, unauditable audit trails as well as system action logs are always, automatically, maintained
4. Capabilities beyond above and beyond peers", "2007"), ("2008", "105", "API", "What is the extent of the  API with respect to data management?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. Basic API that can be used to push or pull data in limited CSV/XML formats
2. Complete API that can be used to push or pull data in a wide variety of formats to and from a plethora of enterprise ERP and S2P systems
3. Extensive, open, API that can even be used to connect to real-time feeds and non-ERP / S2P enterprise systems, weather in-house or cloud-based 
4. Capabilities beyond above and beyond peers", "2008"), ("2009", "105", "3rd Party BI Support", "Can third party BI tools be integrated into the platform for data management and analytics?  If so, how extensive is the support?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. Data can be exported in a supported format for import into a 3rd party BI tool
2. Direct connect support for multiple 3rd party BI tools that can use the analytics source directly
3. Support for simultaneous analysis within the platform and a 3rd party BI tool -- changes in one are immediately reflected in the other and vice versa
4. Capabilities beyond the above and beyond peers", "2009"), ("2010", "105", "Classification / Clustering and Normalization", "Does the platform support classification/clustering (\"familying\") and normalization of entities including, but not limited to suppliers, products, etc.?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. Suppliers can be familied into a single supplier entity, but that\'s about it
2. Multiple, specific, entities can be grouped and families into hierarchies, and familying does not cause original entities to be lost
3. Any entity can be grouped and families into hierarchies, families can be changed on the fly, and roll ups / drill downs / formulas can all take advantage 
4. Capabilities beyond above and beyond peers", "2010"), ("2011", "106", "KPI Modeling", "How well does the platform support the modeling of performance metrics?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. Standard \'lagging\' KPIs (spend, documents, savings, etc.) are built within the application from application-specific data using pre-built calculation methods.
2. KPIs are tailorable to modify their calculation formulas (e.g., Excel type formulas); to embed other nested metrics;  and to allow hierarchical drill-downs and roll-ups.  Can utilize any application level data objects to include in the KPI calculations.
3. Leading metrics can be linked to causal/practice metrics; complex formulas can be used; and non-application-specific data (e.g., FTEs/employees, revenue, COGS, external benchmark) can be pulled into the metric calculations (including data capture through user-entered forms/surveys).
4. Capabilities beyond the above and beyond peers", "2011"), ("2012", "106", "KPI Library", "Does the platform come with an out-of-the-box KPI library?  How extensive is it?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. The platform has a good base set of KPIs pre-built into the application/suite and the analytics platform
2. A \"metric master\" library of KPIs with a strong palette of metrics (e.g., efficiency, cycle time, quality, delivery, spend, savings, goods/services performance, GRC adherence, etc.) that can be drilled down on many dimensions (process, category, cost type, resource type, metric type, etc.) based on application data from the S2P app. 
3. Highly extensible metrics (KPIs and capability/practice metrics) with flexible metadata on how the metrics will be populated, communicated, revised, etc.  Some level of community-based KPI development with the installed base and consulting/content partners is a plus.
4. Capabilities beyond the above and beyond peers (e.g., use of AI to guide development of KPIs or ascertain best practices)", "2012"), ("2013", "106", "Scorecard Support", "Does the platform support KPI-based scorecards?  How extensive is the support?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. Out of the box scorecards with built-in KPIs from a KPI library and populated from the S2P application/suite
2. Scorecards can be built using a built-in dashboard builder on all system KPIs -- allowing users/roles to set targets against those KPIs (from automated feeds or user entered values) and measure actuals
3. Scorecards can be defined on time-series, played forward and back, drilled down in real-time and filtered (to suppliers, groups, etc.) as needed. Targets can be frozen and/or revised (with change tracking) as conditions change
4. Capabilities beyond above and beyond peers (e.g., predictive scoring or automated target cascading using AI or other sophisticated techniques)", "2013"), ("2014", "106", "Scorecard Updates / Monitoring", "What capabilities does the platform support for scorecard monitoring and updates?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. Scorecards pull in refreshed data at defined intervals from within the application, trigger checks, and send out alerts
2. Scorecards can automatically pull in refreshed data from external data sources, trigger checks, and send out alerts
3. Scorecards continuously monitor for data updates in the application and through APIs and automatically update on every data update, run potentially impacted checks, update status, and send out alerts
4. Capabilities beyond above and beyond peers", "2014"), ("2015", "106", "Benchmarking", "How well does the platform support benchmarking?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. Benchmarks can be manually input by users using the functionality for setting targets on a scorecard
2. Scorecards can automatically load external benchmarking data into the scorecards (separate from targets) from external data sources; and have associated reporting of benchmark versus target/actual
3. Scorecards and other analytics (e.g., opportunity calculators) are automatically integrated to community based benchmarking (including capability/practice benchmarks - not just lagging KPIs) natively from the provider\'s installed base/network or from a formal proven relationship with a third party benchmark data provider.
4. Capabilities beyond above or beyond peers. For example, this might include having a benchmark library (and \'transaction history\' for snapshot benchmark values like pricing benchmarks) and associated benchmark metadata.  Or it could be AI based benchmark target setting or other unique innovations.", "2015"), ("2016", "107", "Report/Query Building", "Does the platform support the creation of custom reports and queries?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. Limited modifications of pre-defined templates
2. Extensive capability to define free-form reports/queries on defined fields using a built-in report/query builder 
3. Any report can be defined on any native or derived field using a visual report/query builder
4. Capabilities beyond above and beyond peers", "2016"), ("2017", "107", "Templates", "Does the platform come with a starting set of templates for reporting?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. A small set of starting report templates for basic spend/workflow reporting within individual applications
2. An extensive set of templates that analyze spend/cost/goods/services/information flows (and associated KPIs) across the application in the S2P process
3. A very extensive set of templates that cover efficiency / effectiveness KPIs (and drivers) across spend/costs, categories, contracts, resources, workflows, goods/services, risks, regulations, controls, etc.
4. Templates that go beyond the above and beyond peers", "2017"), ("2018", "107", "Dashboards / Widgets", "How extensive is the dashboard capability that is built into the platform?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. Built in dashboards that are relatively static 
2. Dynamic dashboards where the users  can select from over dozens/hundreds built in widgets and customize them as needed
3. The user can build dashboard widgets from scratch, with complex formula and drill down, and define custom dashboards throughout the application
4. capabilities above and beyond peers", "2018"), ("2019", "107", "Charting / Graphing Capability", "How powerful are the charting and graphing capabilities that are embedded into the platform?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. Basic Excel Charts and Graphs that layer on top of the data being analyzed
2. All of the common graphs and charts from modern BI tools including, but not limited to, tree maps, heat maps, bubble charts, and so on
3. 3-D charts and graphs, animated graphs that run over a time series, and other capabilities beyond what\'s  found in BiC BI tools like Qlik, Tableau, and SiSense
4. Capabilities beyond the above and beyond peers", "2019"), ("2020", "107", "Cross Tabs", "Does the platform support (native) cross tabs?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. Basic Excel 2-D Cross tabs
2. 3-D Cross tabs
3. k-d (\"k-dimensional\") Cross tabs with the ability to fix points for real-time drill-down
4. Capabilities beyond above and beyond peers", "2020"), ("2021", "107", "Filter Definition", "How extensive is the filter capability supported by the platform?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. Simple filters on a fixed set of elements can be defined
2. Advanced filters using formulas and reg-ex expressions can be defined
3. Complex filters that use nested logical expressions each build from complex formula and/or reg-ex expressions can be defined
4. Capabilities beyond above and beyond peers", "2021"), ("2022", "107", "Filter Library", "How extensive is the filter library support in the platform?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. filters can be saved and reused
2. filters can be saved in a central repository and shared among users
3. advanced user-defined tagging and search capabilities that allow filters to be grouped and search based upon user defined parameters and applications 
4. capability beyond above and beyond peers", "2022"), ("2023", "107", "Formulas", "What is the extent of formula support  embedded in the platform?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. Basic arithmetic and Excel-functions
2. Trigonometric, statistics and regular expression (\"reg-ex\") support
3. Calculus and advanced statistical functions
4. Capabilities beyond above and beyond peers", "2023"), ("2024", "107", "Trend Detection", "Does the platform have built in capabilities to detect trends?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. the user has to define the trend magnitudes of interest; 
2. the system can detect trends of interest based on statistical deviations from the norm; 
3. the system can also detect potential issues using external benchmarks and anonymized performance across the providers client base; 
4. capability beyond which is previously addressed and beyond peers", "2024"), ("2025", "107", "Subscriptions", "Can the users subscribe to (regular) reports?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. users can subscribe to canned reports
2. users can define their own views on reports using filters and subscribe to those and define reports they only want to receive when thresholds are crossed
3. the platform contains a recommender system to suggest to users what reports they might want to subscribe to, when, under what circumstances, and why
4. capabilities beyond above and beyond peers", "2025"), ("2026", "107", "Analytic Workflow", "How do you use analytics in the context of workflow processing / BPM?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. Our analytics capabilities come from a separate application, but it can be invoked from most parts of our application; 
2.  The analytics solution is built in and any queries can be invoked from any workflow step or form-level field action; 
3. Our workflow platform is made available within our analytics platform so that we can create RPA-like analytic processes directly within the analytics platform;
 4- Capabilities beyond above and beyond our peers", "2026"), ("2027", "108", "Multi-Currency", "How extensive is the built-in support for multi-currency?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. a single currency conversion table; 
2. integrated currency feed (to FOREX-type data sources) which updates daily; 
3. rules-based conversion based on currency and payment type as well as granular permissioning of multi-currency selection 
4. Includes capabilities beyond which is previously addressed and beyond peers, including the complex orchestration of SCF 3rd parties for optimized recommendations about currency selection", "2027"), ("2028", "108", "Multi-Lingual", "How extensive are the multi-lingual support capabilities?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. flat file menu mappings for a small set of languages; 
2. dynamic mappings of menu options and help text based on standard translations and regional linguistic variances and support for over a dozen languages; 
3. override features that allow a buyer to override mappings on documents / menu options being shared with a supplier and over twenty languages supported; 
4. Includes capability beyond which is previously addressed and beyond peers", "2028"), ("2029", "108", "e-Document Regulatory Support", "To what extent is there e-Document regulatory support out of the box?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. Supports the manual creation of e-Documents that can meet regulatory needs
2. Automatic e-document creation consistent with multiple regulations 
3. ... and governmental requirements from countries around the globe
4.  Additional support beyond the above and beyond peers", "2029"), ("2030", "108", "e-Payment Support", "To what extent does the platform support e-Payments?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. Can push approved payments to an e-Payment system
2. P-card, ACH, and Wire support for local and some global payments
3. Support for third party invoice factoring, lending, and non-bank payment platforms
4. Support beyond the above and beyond peers", "2030"), ("2031", "108", "GDPR / Privacy Standards", "How extensive is the built-in support for GDPR and similar global privacy standards?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. Personal Data can be encrypted
2. Built in support for anonymizing / purging of all personal information as needed to comply with GDPR
3. Built-in support for multiple privacy regulations around the globe
4. Setting new standards in privacy support and capabilities beyond peers", "2031"), ("2032", "108", "Other Globalization Support", "What other types of globalization support is baked into the platform?", "Scored against peers.  Make the case!", "2032"), ("2033", "108", "Roadmap", "What is your globalization roadmap that will advance your  solution in the next 6 months (if applicable)?  Give directional input if you can\'t share exact details", "Scored against peers.  Make the case!", "2033"), ("2034", "109", "Organizational Hierarchy", "Does the platform support the modelling of the organizational hierarchy?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. Can model organizational hierarchies to support all of the following business entities / units, functions, budgetary approvals, ledgers/sub-ledgers, user roles, and custom user groups.
2. Can also model geographic hierarchies (down to site / location level) and positional hierarchies (e.g,. job levels/grades with associated job codes and descriptions)
3. Can manage matrixed/hybrid structures and consider multiple hierarchies in the context of the workflows and user rights controlled by those hierarchies.
4. Even more complex organizational modelling beyond peers", "2034"), ("2035", "109", "Account Structures ", "How sophisticated  is the support for the definition and maintenance of account structures?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. Basic account code support ... 
2. Account code structures and associated business rules that automatically match purchases to account codes (including sub-ledgers)
3. Support for multiple/differing accounting, taxation, and reporting structures/rules applied within different fiscal entities, regions, countries, etc.
4. Advanced account management functionality beyond peers ", "2035"), ("2036", "109", "Budget Support", "How extensive is the budgetary support in the platform?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1=Budgets are modeled based on org hierarchy and G/L for the current period, but client manages budgets in separate budgeting app (e.g., ERP).  Application models spending and/against budgets
2=Budget figures can be maintained natively (e.g., money can be moved around) and are actively integrated with other parts of solution and referenced within the workflow (e.g, alerts when exceeding/overconsuming) 
3=Support for \"spend planning\"/forecasting (and dynamic target setting/monitoring) tied to TCO elements and consumption drivers.  Use of predictive monitoring/alerts.  4=Advanced analytics, AI, or other major differentiators", "2036"), ("2037", "109", "Team Modelling & Management", "How sophisticated is the team modeling and management capability?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. Team members can be defined within user groups / \"teams\" (AND have users assigned different standard/definable roles as well)
2. Team members can be assigned to projects, put on tasks, associated with milestones, and have their progress tracked as a team (or team member).  Basic work queues can be established for these user groups before a team member takes a task from the queue.
3. Multi-view visual team-management allows team members to be managed across projects and projects to be managed across teams.  Advanced work queue management with rule-based team member assignments.
4. Even more advanced capability that goes beyond peers ... ", "2037"), ("2038", "109", "Talent Management", "Does the platform support talent management processes to engage and support employees", "*This question does not include on-line training which is asked elsewhere
1. Support for not just \"roles\" and \"user groups\", but also job descriptions, job codes, job levels, salaries (optional), and other basic HR-related employee information.
2. Employee performance appraisals and basic training/development, including goals/objectives setting,  self-assessments, performance appraisals, tracking of required/actual training hours & certifications, etc.
3. Strong talent management process support including skills/competencies modeling, granular assessments (including 3rd party assessments), learning/development planning (which drives training requirements/curricula), succession planning.
4. Advanced capabilities beyond peers (e.g., integrating procurement talent management and contingent workforce planning into enterprise talent management processes)", "2038"), ("2039", "109", "Asset Management", "Does the platform have built in capability for asset management?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. Asset reference field to note assets (e.g., IT/Lab/Mfg equipment; software asset tracking) being purchased/managed; 
2. \"Asset master\" to be able to track assets (e.g., software license tracking); 
3. Asset BOMs; Asset TCO elements for CapEx; maintenance/service pricing and history; software TCO/license modeling and tracking; 
4. Advanced asset management (predictive, AI, etc.)", "2039"), ("2040", "110", "Language and Terminology", "To what extent can the end user configure language and platform terminology?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. The user can select preferred language of main system screens and menus
2. The user can select the language of detailed system functionality in terms of widgets, queries/reports, terminology, metadata, systems admin features (depending on access permissions), and interface options
3. The user can perform overrides and also manage multi-lingual options and translation options when dealing with global users with different/multiple primary languages
4. Capabilities beyond the above and beyond peers (e.g., AI that helps manage language translations of the system functionality)", "2040"), ("2041", "110", "Widgets / Portlets", "How much choice does the user have when defining their (widget-based) dashboard?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. The user can select standard dashboard widgets/portlets assigned to the user role
2. The user can customize widgets/portlets and dashboards   beyond selection/placement on the screen - i.e., can manage filtering, sorting, flagging, alerting, etc.
3. The user can create widgets/portlets and dashboards at will (given permissions) and utilize open/open source widget frameworks 
4. Capabilities beyond the above and beyond peers", "2041"), ("2042", "110", "Private Workspaces", "Can the user have his or her own private workspaces?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. The user can have his or her private workspace to create sandbox projects, events, and scenarios
2. The user can copy her workspaces and share them with her peers
3. The user can create multiple private workspaces, manage them differently, and open them up with different view / edit permissions with her peers
4. Additional capabilities beyond the above and beyond peers.", "2042"), ("2043", "110", "3rd Party View Support", "Can the internal users (e.g., administrators and power users) see the same user experience that 3rd parties / suppliers see?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. yes, but the administrator or buyer must log in as the other party or supplier
2. yes, with instant view toggle functionality between  the current party and other party
3. yes, and the view can be edited in either mode
4. capabilities above and beyond peers", "2043"), ("2044", "110", "UX", "Describe the compelling nature of your user experience beyond what we\'ve asked and what\'s on you roadmap within next 6 months. ", "Scored against peers.  Make the case!", "2044"), ("2045", "111", "Tasks and Milestones", "Does the platform support the definition and tracking of individual tasks and milestones in Sourcing and Procurement projects?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. Tasks and milestones can be defined against projects (i.e., simply tagging stuff to a project ID/name) in a \'project master\' file.
2. Project workflows (i.e., work breakdown structures) are part of same platform BPM/workflow engine - just different views.  Also, \'resources\' (e.g., FTE hours) are tied into tasks and can be monitored. Basic project tracking/reporting and GANTT charts.
3. Project workflows and associated resource levels/capacities can be planned (e.g., based on rules based project estimation) and monitored (similar to best of breed project/program management tools), including PERT charts or other critical path analysis.
4. More advanced capabilities that go beyond peers (e.g., AI based predictive modeling / monitoring)", "2045"), ("2046", "111", "Extended Team Management", "Does the platform contain built-in capability for managing extended teams?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. Internal team members can be defined from the org chart of course, but suppliers can also be alerted via e-mai
2. Supplier team members can be added to projects from supplier directories (i.e., tied to supplier master/profile) and do basic task completion and project reporting
3. third party team members are given full team access functionality, but are limited to data they can see based on granular data permissions
4. Advanced extended project team collaboration capabilities above and beyond peers", "2046"), ("2047", "111", "Sandboxes", "What level of sandboxing support is available for project creation and management within the application?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. (a) private sandboxing (test-environment where a user can test capabilities with non-production code and data, and if they like the results, push the data, forms, workflows into their production instance) is available for form and report creation within the application
2. shared sandboxing among a project team is available for form and report creation and simple project management within the application
3. community sandboxing is available between  buyers and suppliers and involved third parties to design projects and workflows in a safe instance of the application
4. capabilities above and beyond peers", "2047"), ("2048", "111", "Project Performance Management (\"goal management\")", "Does the platform support the definition and management of KPIs and targets/goals?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. users can choose from predefined KPIs (populated by role or user group) and can tune them (measurement frequency, filtering, rollups).  KPIs must include not just typical project KPIs, but also spend and total cost tracking.
2. users can create and delegate down project/program goals and assign KPI targets to track/report against (and store the historical performance), including project performance up to program level.  KPIs must not just include typical plan-vs-variance reports, but also savings and stakeholder-specific KPIs
3. system can perform predictive target setting and performance forecasting.  System has been proven to integrate in external benchmark data (please describe what\'s been done to date).
4. capabilities above and beyond peers such as machine-learning based prediction or RPA to manage complex performance management workflows", "2048"), ("2049", "111", "Campaign Management", "Does the platform support the definition and management of campaigns?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. basic outbound messaging and monitoring w/ stakeholders; 
2. focused campaign planning and KPIs w/ targeted alerting and follow-ups; 
3.  making the campaign an enterprise-focused transformation program that ties to program management and cascades CPO/enterprise level targets down to various processes and sub-campaigns.
4. capabilities above and beyond peers", "2049"), ("2050", "112", "Native Workflow Support", "To what extent does the platform support workflow configuration?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. select or deselect standard module (such as analytics and SXM) and built-in workflows (such as direct metals sourcing or indirect services sourcing); 
2. can be defined down to the function level with a BPM workflow modeler that guides the user in the creation of moderately complex rules which can include/exclude steps; 
3. advanced rule support across functions, data, users, and event status/approvals with highly customizable workflows down to the individual user; 
4. Enhanced capabilities beyond the above that go beyond peers", "2050"), ("2051", "112", "Customizable Business Rules", "How much customization is supported on the business rules that power the platform (and the workflows)?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. choose from a pre-defined set of rules with limited configuration options on built in data elements; 
2. complex formula/regex rules across all data elements (built in and user defined); 
3. ... that can also include advanced process/time driven rules that can underlie the entire workflow and alert/notification systems; 
4. Capability beyond what is previously addressed that goes our well beyond peers", "2051"), ("2052", "112", "Rule Sets / Groups", "Does the platform support the creation of rule sets/groups and selective application or ordering thereof?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. rules can be grouped into sets and the administrator can choose what rule sets get applied
2. rules can be defined using conditional overrides, and grouped into sets which can also be defined to use conditional overrides to select which set gets applied when 
3. the sets, groups, and override hierarchy can be defined as dynamic and automatically alter based on certain conditions, possibly dependent on market / dynamic data and/or the (Hybrid) AI used by the application
4. Extremely advanced functionality beyond the above that is well beyond peers", "2052"), ("2053", "112", "Visual Workflow Management", "Does the platform support visual workflow management?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. users can get a tree-based depiction of the workflow
2. users can use a visual workflow editor to move process steps around and edit input and output parameters and conditions
3. uses can completely define complete end to end workflows using a fully functional workflow designer that can accommodate all data elements and actions
4. Capability beyond the above that also surpasses peers", "2053"), ("2054", "112", "Approvals and Workflow", "What level of approval configuration is supported by the platform?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. single approval chains with one-time delegations
2. multi-approval chains with conditional delegation rules, parallel approval options, and override authority
3. deep integration with business rules which allows for automatic approvals  at different levels or dynamic approvals using cognitive AI
4. capabilities above and beyond peers", "2054"), ("2055", "112", "Email Approvals", "Does the platform support email approvals?  If so, how sophisticated are they?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. the platform can notify a user through e-mail when an approval is needed, but the supervisor needs to login and use the system to do an approval
2. the buyer\'s supervisor can click an approval link in an e-mail, enter a password on the application site, and the approval is complete
3. approvals, with authentication, are completely e-mail based -- a supervisor can click a link, and then a verification request is sent to their phone (SMS) or mobile app, and a click completes the request
4. capabilities above and beyond peers", "2055"), ("2056", "112", "Workflow Cloning", "If the platforms support workflows, can the workflows be cloned?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. workflows can be cloned as-is by copying/pasting workflows from our workflow engine
2. workflows can either be cloned/adapted as necessary to fit similar processes using tailorable workflow templates
3. System can locate and suggest similar workflows based on similar categories, processes, or events - and can perform rule-based \'guided\' workflow design (not just guiding to different forms in same process).
4. capabilities above and beyond peers such as using AI to intelligently re-use and adapt workflows in different organizational contexts ", "2056"), ("2057", "113", "Single Sign On", "Does the platform support single sign on for suppliers?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. one login, but each customer view is segregated; 
2. one instance of supplier master data, but customer documents/RFXs/purchase orders/etc. in their own (sub- portal; 
3. all documents/communications integrated in a single portal with a single view that also supports filters and drill downs that allow a supplier to see just what they want to see how they want to see it; 
4. Additional capability beyond the above and peers which may include VMI across orders, optimized responses against limited capability, etc.", "2057"), ("2058", "113", "User Account Management", "Does the platform allow suppliers to manage their own users?  How extensive is the support?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. Suppliers can add their employees and reps, but can only assign them to a small number of pre-defined roles
2. Suppliers can add their employees and contractors and custom define roles and permissions across their personnel
3. Suppliers can add third parties who can do limited tasks and/or supply information on a supplier\'s behalf with very fine-grained access profiles built on the same fine-grained role-based security the buyer has, with the ability to restrict to defined data views (defined by filters or queries) [Must have a 3 in fine-grained security to get a 3 here]
4. Additional capabilities beyond above and beyond peers", "2058"), ("2059", "113", "Fine Grained Role Based Security", "Does the platform support fine-grained role based security on user accounts?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. a set of pre-defined roles with predefined privileges that can be overridden is exposed to the supplier; 
2. supplier has access to a set of user defined roles which can be instantiated from role templates but every role can have custom privileges based upon the defined privileges in the application 
3. suppliers can define their user roles not just by privileges, but by data views and / or workflows with restrictions to subsets of views / privileges
4. Additional functionality considerably beyond peers. \"", "2059"), ("2060", "113", "View Filtering", "Does the platform support view filtering in the supplier portal?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. a supplier can limit its users to simple category/event based views
2. a supplier can limit its users to particular products and lots
3. a supplier can define complex intersections of data using simple queries or dimensional filters to limit its users
4. capabilities above and beyond peers", "2060"), ("2061", "113", "Portal Configurability ", "To what extent can the supplier users configure their own portal?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. Limited - just language and dashboards
2. Moderate - ability to perform UX customization - languages, dashboards, reports, widgets, view selections, etc.
3. Extensive - full access to workflow and business rule support to allow suppliers to customize their end of the process
4. capabilities above and beyond peers", "2061"), ("2062", "114", "Certificate Management", "Does the platform support certificate management?  How extensive is the functionality?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. Suppliers can store their current certificates in the platform and make them available to customers and buyers who request them and the platform will alert them on pending expiry
2. Suppliers can store all of their current and historical certificates, associated meta-data, link them to offerings, and identify verification sources 
3. The system can automatically retrieve updated certificates and verifications from third party sources with integrated APIs and re-validate on a pre-defined schedule
4. Capability beyond the above and beyond peers", "2062"), ("2063", "114", "Insurance Certificate Management", "Does the platform contain specific capabilities for insurance certificate management?  How extensive is the capability?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. Suppliers can store all their certificates and specify key meta-data attributes and the buyers can validate them easily using e-lookup or an e-service
2. The platform understands all standard insurance clauses and the supplier can specify all of the details and OCR & reg-ex can verify the existence of key terms and values in the attached certificate documents
3. The platform can use embedded semantic intelligence capabilities to parse the uploaded (OCR\'d) certificates and extract all of the relevant clauses and identify unusual or unexpected clauses that might need to be manually reviewed
4. capabilities beyond above and beyond peers", "2063"), ("2064", "115", "Profile Maintenance", "To what extent can the supplier maintain their own profile?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. Suppliers can submit changes to the buyer for consideration
2. Suppliers can update all data at any time, and if it\'s not identifier, financial, or regulatory compliance, or other critical information or if the aforementioned data can be verified from an integrated 3rd party source, the platform can automatically accept the update
3. integrated RPA-based capabilities can automatically monitor supplier data sources, 3rd party sources  and supplier submitted responses through the application and can automatically suggest updates the supplier might want to submit and determine the appropriate approval flow, if an approval flow is required
4. capability beyond above and beyond peers", "2064"), ("2065", "115", "Data Visibility", "How much visibility do suppliers have into the data the buyers maintain on them?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. Suppliers can only see the data requested from them, the data they submitted, and the basic information the buyer allows the supplier to see
2. The system allows the information set shared with suppliers to be tuned to the nature of the category and the individual supplier.
3. Fine-grained workflow permissioning (e.g., supplier initiated request) for sharing data elements with suppliers.  Data is shared securely via DMZ/extranet for data security purposes.  Suppliers can also view data provided on them from 3rd parties (licenses allowing).
4. Capability above and beyond peers", "2065"), ("2066", "115", "Document Management", "How extensive is the document management capability from the supplier\'s perspective?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. Suppliers can store unlimited Documents, in folders, and choose what individual customers have access to, but no significant version control
2. Suppliers can create deep document hierarchies with tagging, grouping, and full version control with check-in, check-out, and lock capabilities so that supplier reps can collaborate
3. Automatic matching, difference identification, full change tracking and control with verifiable, unauditable audit trails 
4. Additional document management capabilities that go beyond above and significantly beyond peers", "2066"), ("2067", "116", "Template Cloning", "Does the platform support template cloning?  To what extent?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. Templates are cloned as-is and can be modified by the end user
2. Templates can be cloned on a section-by-section basis and sections can be merged from multiple templates during cloning
3. the platform contains a built in capability to suggest the right template for the survey, process, or event by identifying the relevant sections of existing templates as a starting point
4. capabilities above and beyond peers", "2067"), ("2068", "116", "Approvals", "How extensive is the supplier approval process supported by the platform?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. Single Approvals by Account Manager
2. Multi-tier approval chains that allow for parallel approvals and overrides based on roles
3. System-assisted auto approvals based on rules, automatic 3rd party validations, and/or (hybrid) AI
4. capabilities above and beyond peers", "2068"), ("2069", "116", "Independent Contractor Management", "To what extent does the platform support independent contractor management?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. Managed like any other supplier who can self-register, provide a W-9, attach certifications or proof of insurance, submit invoices (and associated time sheets or deliverables), etc.  
2. Basic independent contractor management for sourcing/SXM (e.g., resume processing with OCR; background checks), compliance reporting, 1099-MISC management, etc. 
3. Full IC management: integration to MSPs (or freelancer marketplaces), talent pool management (including skill/competency modeling), VMS integration, advanced compliance functionality.
4. Additional capabilities beyond above and beyond peers", "2069"), ("2070", "116", "Dynamic \"Onboarding\" Workflows", "Does the platform support dynamic supplier onboarding workflows?  Note: This doesn\'t include catalog onboarding which is covered in P2P", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. Branching workflows based on pre-defined meta-data elements
2. Multi-dimensional dynamically branching workflows that build in real-time based on data provided and pre-defined rules, making sure all necessary data, and only all necessary data, is provided
3. ... augmented with a built-in platform capability to collect information from third party networks and profiles, pre-populate key data, optimize the registration process, and make things easy for both parties
4. Additional capabilities beyond above and beyond peers", "2070"), ("2071", "116", "Survey Support", "How extensive is the supplier approval process supported by the platform?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. Survey-based functionality is built into the various applications, but not built on a core survey builder capability within the platform
2. The ability to also build any surveys (think \"Google Forms\"), but can bring in applications\' objects in the survey forms.  Apps are built upon common form/survey capabilities within the platform
3. RPA that can import third party surveys, process them, and create templates for the user to start with
4. Additional capabilities beyond the above and beyond peers", "2071"), ("2072", "116", "Template Library", "Does the platform come with a template library for supplier onboarding?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. Support for users to build their own template library and a few starting templates
2. A large extensive library with templates that cover 80% of customer needs over 80% of the time for all supported industries, regulatory requirements, CSR, Risk, etc.
3. A community forum where the community is constantly creating and evolving templates to meet community needs
4. Additional capabilities beyond the above and beyond peers", "2072"), ("2073", "116", "Qualification Support", "To what extent can the platform be used to qualify suppliers?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. Simple survey scoring from stakeholders and pre-defined scoring ranges
2. Complex weightings across multiple stakeholders that can be restricted to different criteria and assigned different weights and relative scoring ranges
3. Holistic 360 scorecards using internal scorecards, surveys, external 3rd party risk and GRC ratings, and current sentiment
4. Qualification capabilities above and beyond peers", "2073"), ("2074", "117", "Best Practices Intelligence", "To what extent does the platform model and manage best practices intelligence (beyond just configuring the solution to implement best practices through pre-built functionality such as \"guided\" workflows)?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. The platform has on-line training, support, and documents where best practices can be stored and recalled
2. Our platform explicitly models and manages practices in formal best practice libraries that can also be pre-populated with syndicated knowledge content from us or our partners
3. We have a formal community-based peer/partner network where  online best practices/templates are developed by our customers - and then shared with each other and integrated into the platform
4. Capability beyond above and beyond peers.  For example, this could be an AI based system that can synthesize best-practice templates based upon community best practices and processes embedded in pre-configured and community provided templates", "2074"), ("2075", "117", "Category Intelligence", "Does the platform support a category knowledge base to collect/build category intelligence?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. the platform allows a user to go beyond category-specific dashboard reporting on sourcing activity by allowing simple text content aggregation and tracking of collected intelligence from multiple external content sources (and internal stakeholder insights)
2. the platform integrates with third party commodity price data feeds for market forecasts price trend history as well as general market insights.  Please give actual examples regardless of your self-scoring.
3. the platform formally integrates with highly specific 3rd party supply market intelligence sources for both opportunity identification and risk reduction - and may even provide additional analysis layered on top
4. capability beyond above and beyond peers", "2075"), ("2076", "117", "Supplier Intelligence", "How well does the platform collect supplier intelligence including community-based intelligence?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. the platform allows  for basic supplier intelligence gathering of publicly available content sources such as news feeds and basic content aggregation providers (as well as internally captured insights from internal stakeholders within a single company)
2. the platform formally integrates and analyzes deeper supplier intelligence into the application workflow (e.g., cost of capital data that informs dynamic discounting offers; or risk scoring that informs sourcing/SRM decisions) 
3. the platform works in conjunction with community/network based supplier ratings and anonymized benchmarks (cost, delivery, quality, sustainability, or supplier willingness to accept different contract terms)
4 capability beyond above and beyond peers (e.g., using proven machine learning techniques  for highly predictive risk scoring or price forecasting)", "2076"), ("2077", "118", "Knowledge Management", "How much built-in technology support exists for the capture and re-use of knowledge to manage processes within the specific organization.", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. Knowledge is managed through document access (e.g., in offline file system / Intranet) and configurable online user training via various process/form templates
2. \"Guided\" processes through context-specific rule-based workflows and ability to leverage external BPM systems and automated \"outside-in\" knowledge served up into those workflows.
3. Ability to create expert system functionality via creation of best practice knowledge modeling of specific domains (e.g., category, industry, process/practice, etc.), possibly by way of machine learning to help extract knowledge for user consideration in expanding the knowledge base
4. Additional advanced knowledge management capabilities that go beyond peers", "2077"), ("2078", "118", "Bots (for RPA)", "What level of robotic process automation, \"bot\", technology is supported by the platform?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. Simple, pre-defined, rule-based workflow automations that can send emails and alerts, run reports, push or pull data and fill fields, and remind users of tasks
2. Advanced scripting and configurable, component-based, workflow components that can be fit together like software Lego bots by the end user to run macros or automate certain processes when certain rules are satisfied (such as auto process the PO if amount < $500, budget is not maxed, user has no strikes in the last six months, etc.)
3. the platform can encapsulate the most commonly run tasks in bots that run automatically, identify their tasks, and  execute the workflows defined in 2 as needed
4. AI-based bots that can adapt to slight deviations or learn when thresholds can be increased to minimize alerts or recommend actions to the end user (that can then be automated in the future) or other capability  beyond peers", "2078"), ("2079", "118", "Bots (\"Chat Bots\" -  Conversational Systems)", "Does the platform support conversational capabilities?  If so, how advanced are they?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. Keyword matching for canned responses
2. Semi-intelligent semantic parsing that can identify the intent of a question and select from canned responses or automatically generated reports
3. Siri-Alexa-Google-like AI that can converse in text or voice and hold at least a middle-school conversation with a lonely user locked in the Procurement dungeon
4. Leading edge conversational systems beyond peers", "2079"), ("2080", "118", "Machine Learning (algorithms)", "How sophisticated is the machine learning, if any, supported by the platform?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. Simple (k-means) clustering, bayes classification, and statistical techniques
2. Support Vector Machines, Association Rule Learning, and basic neural networks
3. Evolutionary and Genetic Algorithms, Similarity Learning, Fingerprint extraction
4. Cutting edge machine learning techniques beyond peer in technique and classification capability", "2080"), ("2081", "118", "External Library Support", "To what extent, if any, does the platform support external machine learning libraries?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. our system integrates a couple of libraries (sciKit, splunk, etc.)
2. our system supports R & Python, and end-users can link in any library they want
3. our system has an open API / wrapper capability where users can link to any machine learning library they want to use
4. capabilities above and beyond peers", "2081"), ("2082", "118", "AI", "What level of AI, if any, is supported by the platform?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. (Deep) Neural Network or other Advanced Statistical Approaches
2. (Hybrid) Semantic Analysis Capability that can go beyond numeric approaches
3. Shallow Learning and other advanced approaches that can work with, and learn from, limited data sets
4. Experimental AI techniques beyond peers with measurable results", "2082"), ("2083", "118", "Machine Learning Use Cases (Cognitive Systems examples)", "Does the platform support any capabilities that the market would term \"cognitive\"?  If so, how advanced are they (in the Source to Pay space)?  Describe in detail. ", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. statistical models on user / organization / community data to recommend options (e.g., simple volume-based market price vs paid price analysis to identify statistically likely candidates for sourcing/procurement events)
2. guided recommendations based on situational analysis (auto-identification of best-practice events and processes based on market conditions and defining event factors)
3. interactive queries and analysis to understand the user\'s intent and adjust workflows, models, and learning algorithms to compensate (preferred sourcing method and supplier profile queries to automate 3-bids-and-a-buy sourcing events)
4. capabilities above and beyond peers", "2083"), ("2084", "119", "Architecture", "What is your core technology layer?  How scalable and extensible is it?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. Integrated PHP or Ruby with limited layer separation; 
2. C# / Java / Ruby-on-Rails Stack with basic MVC separation;
3. Fully normalized C# / Java / RoR stack with multi-database and multi-view layer support for scalability and back up
4. Additional advancements that are significantly better than peers", "2084"), ("2085", "119", "Software Stack", "How modern is the core software stack, on average?  Do you keep up with your enterprise brethren?", "Consider database, compilers & run-time, and 3rd party libraries necessary for application compilation, run-time, and delivery.  On average, 
1. Release versions > 5 years old and / or limited / expired patch support
2. Release versions > 3 years old and / or formal support ending within 2 years
3. Release versions < 3 years old and formal vendor support good 
4. ... and also uses leading DB technology with in-memory computation; uses leading BI/viewer technologies with modern visualizations and drag and drop components; and better than peers", "2085"), ("2086", "119", "Scripting Language (PaaS)", "Does your platform contain a built-in scripting language?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. supports a minimal scripting language that supports the automation of workflows and definition of simple formulas
2. supports a rich scripting language that can be used to build forms, define workflows, chain computations, etc.
3. supports a full scripting language -- such as Javascript, Perl, Basic, or a similar proprietary language --that is on par with the API and can be used to programmatically define or control the application
4. ... backed up by a documented API and IDE add-on to allow code-complete", "2086"), ("2087", "119", "Application Support (PaaS)", "Does your platform support the development and integration of 3rd party apps?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. select partner apps, pre-integrated, can be enabled
2. any App that uses our plug-and-play API or built-in scripting language can be enabled
3. any App that uses one or more supported app development platforms (name and describe) can be enabled
4. you can develop apps on our Platform that can be exported to other supported platforms (name and describe)", "2087"), ("2088", "119", "On-Premise Software Option", "What level of support do you have for on-premise software delivery?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. \"our team installs, and when you want an update, you call\"; 
2. standard patch upgrade support (like previous MS non-forced update strategy); 
3. dynamic pull from master image on an update server that auto detects version and runs all of the update scripts sequentially with each patch application; 
4. would include capability beyond which is previously addressed and be better than the majority of peers", "2088"), ("2089", "119", "SaaS/Cloud", "How modern is your SaaS/Cloud architecture?  Is it true, customizable multi-tenant, or are you still in the ASP era? (Note that IaaS is addressed separately.)", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. ASP in a cloud wrapper; 
2. standard one-size fits-all multitenant; 
3. customizable multi-tenant where each client can have their own view, restrict data to certain locales, have surge processing power dynamically added or dropped, etc.; 
4. the architecture supports load-balancing to specific single-use database instances or processing server instances so each client has a virtual single instance and capabilities beyond peers 
NOTE: standard out-of-the-box AWS and other 3rd party BoB hosting service configurations are AT MOST a 3", "2089"), ("2090", "119", "Geographic Deployments (IaaS)", "How global is your deployment capability?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. our system uses one data center which can failover to another location in the same country / union (e.g. Canada & US, EU)
2. our system has North American and European Data Centers, both within country/union failover capabilities, and clients can choose their deployment location
3. our system has global deployment options across the 6 continental markets
4. capabilities beyond above and beyond peers (e.g., ability to dynamically manage these regional/country instances based on business rules / configuration / metadata etc,)", "2090"), ("2091", "119", "Iaas EcoSystem (Open Stack) [e.g. Rackspace, etc.]", "What level of support do you have for your open stack hosting center?  (Don\'t worry if you only deploy on AWS, Azure, or Google - we have specific scales for those and only take your best score across Open Stack, AWS, Azure, and Google.) ", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. our system can deploy our platform on an Open Stack hosting service (e.g. RackSpace) but doesn\'t use any of the hosting provider\'s unique capabilities
2. our system can take advantage of the data warehousing/lake capabilities, backup and restore, and content and delivery support (such as edge replication) capabilities
3. our system can take advantage of supported offerings for analytics, machine learning, big-data and/or high performance computing capabilities
4. our system builds on their advanced capabilities and provides an offering beyond our peers that deploy on the same platform", "2091"), ("2092", "119", "IaaS Ecosystem (AWS)", "What level of support do you have for Amazon Web Services (AWS)?
(Don\'t worry if you do not deploy on AWS.  When we score 3rd Party IaaS, we take the best score among Open Stack, AWS, Azure, and Google.)", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. our system can deploy our platform on AWS, but our system doesn\'t use any of Amazon\'s unique capabilities
2. our system can take advantage of their data lake, backup and restore, and content delivery applications
3. our system can take advantage of their data lake, scientific computing, and Machine Learning capabilities
4 our system builds on their advanced capabilities and provides an offering beyond peers", "2092"), ("2093", "119", "IaaS Ecosystem (Microsoft Azure)", "What level of support do you have for Microsoft Azure deployments?
(Don\'t worry if you do not deploy on Azure.  When we score 3rd Party IaaS, we take the best score among Open Stack, AWS, Azure, and Google.)", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. our system can deploy our platform on Azure, but our system doesn\'t use any of their unique capabilities
2. our system can take advantage of their big data and high performance capabilities
3. our system can take advantage of their AI capabilities 
4. our system builds on their advanced capabilities and provides an offering beyond peers", "2093"), ("2094", "119", "IaaS Ecosystem (Google)", "What level of support do you have for Google hosted deployments?
(Don\'t worry if you do not deploy on Google.  When we score 3rd Party IaaS, we take the best score among Open Stack, AWS, Azure, and Google.)", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. our system can deploy our platform on Google, but our system doesn\'t use any of their unique capabilities
2. our system can take advantage of their big data and high performance capabilities
3. our system can take advantage of their AI and Machine Learning capabilities 
4 our system builds on their advanced capabilities and provides an offering beyond peers", "2094"), ("2095", "119", "Dynamic Scaling / Computation (IaaS)", "Assuming your system supports cloud deployments and one or more hosted web services that supports dynamic scaling, what level of dynamic scaling does your platform support?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. our system can manually add more compute power  (CPUs, virtual servers, etc.) as needed
2. if compute capacity exceeds a threshold, our application automatically spins up more compute resources, and then drops them when capacity drops below another threshold
3. the application monitors usage and proactively spins up and shuts down compute resources before capacity is maxed or under-utilized
4. capabilities above and beyond peers", "2095"), ("2096", "119", "Dynamic Data Segmentation (IaaS) ", "Assuming your system supports dynamic data segmentation, to what extent is this supported?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. Data can only be split across databases in one data center from one provider
2. Data can be split across multiple databases across multiple data centers on one platform
3. Data can be split across multiple databases across multiple global data centers on multiple platforms 
4. ... and can real-time failover to backup data centers across providers
5. ... to infinity and beyond ... and better than peers! ", "2096"), ("2097", "119", "Data-as-a-Service (DaaS/IaaS)", "Does the platform have data as a service capability?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. Can automate exports to flat file (through SFTP)
2. Open API for requesting data on demand in XML and other standard formats
3. Data pushed on a schedule to one or more data sinks that consume it
4. Taking DaaS to new heights with capabilities beyond peers. ", "2097"), ("2098", "119", "Security (Standards)", "What level of (information) security is built into your platform?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. All application access and data transfer is through https/equivalently secure connections and all personal data, login data, financial account data, and other private data is encrypted at rest. 
2. All private data is encrypted in transit and at rest and our entire platform is ISO 27001 certified. 
3. our team takes cybersecurity very seriously and are platform is COBIT-5, ISO 27002, IEC 62443, and PCI DSS (if you accept payments) compliant. 
4. All of the above and establishing new frontiers in cybersecurity with additional capabilities beyond peers. ", "2098"), ("2099", "119", "e-Signatures", "To what extent does your platform support e-Signatures?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. our system has our own (proprietary) \"e-signatures\" verified by unique pins or secondary identifiers that users can use to \"sign\" documents.  
2. our system can punch-out to one (or two) standard e-Signature platform(s) for e-signing contracts, amendments, and other critical documents. 
3. our system natively embeds (an) e-Signature platform(s) in our application and any document, in any form, can be signed by any user at any time compliant with global e-Signing regulations where relevant with fully transparent, unalterable audit trails
4. Advanced functionality beyond this - and beyond our peers.", "2099"), ("2100", "119", "Fine Grained Role/Data/Action Based Security", "What level of role-based security is embedded in the platform?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. a set of pre-defined roles with predefined privileges that can be overridden; 
2. user defined roles which can be instantiated from role templates but every role can have custom privileges based upon the defined privileges in the application 
3. roles can be defined not just by privileges, but by data views and / or workflows with restrictions to subsets of views / privileges
4. Additional functionality considerably beyond peers. ", "2100"), ("2101", "120", "Big Data Processing", "How much data can the platform process In real time?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. Can process 1M records in memory in real-time
2. Can process 10M records in memory in real time
3. Can process 100M records in memory In real time
4. Can process 1B records in memory in real time ", "2101"), ("2102", "120", "Data Models", "How extensive, and extensible, is the built-in data model?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. A pre-defined data model with limited extensibility (e.g., adding a \"flex field\" on a master data object) and single-schema support
2. A pre-defined data model with extensive extensibility (e.g., adding lookup tables) and multi-schema support (e.g., each business unit can tailor model differently)
3. Multiple pre-defined data models and federated data model / schema support (e.g., different industry/category models as base from which to tailor)
4. Additional capabilities that are significantly beyond peers", "2102"), ("2103", "120", "Model Extensibility", "How extensive are the foundations for model extensibility?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. Relational Databased Templates with some limits on number of fields, field types, and field sizes are used
2. Object Templates that can support as many objects, with as many fields in all supported formats, as required
3. Graph Templates that can support as many new objects and relationships as required
4. capabilities above and beyond peers", "2103"), ("2104", "120", "Taxonomy Support", "What is the extent of your support for industry taxonomies within the data models?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. one standard n-level taxonomy built natively into the app; 
2. one extensible taxonomy to any level of depth of the organization\'s choosing; 
3. multiple taxonomies are definable; cross-walkable; etc.  
4. AI based auto-categorization; auto-cross-walking; semantic classification; etc. ", "2104"), ("2105", "120", "Data Loading", "What is the extent of data loading capability supported by the platform?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. Flat File CSV and/or XML, EDI and/or ODBC/JDBC/Corba/Standard database / feed connectors
2. Open API for defining native connectors to multiple data sources in multiple formats
3. Extensive native connector library to standard ERP and S2P platforms out-of-the-box
4. Significant additional data loading capability that is beyond peers", "2105"), ("2106", "120", "MS-Excel Support", "How extensive is the integrated support for the Purchaser\'s favorite desktop application - Excel?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. data can be loaded in pre-defined -- fixed -- Excel file formats (which the application can spit out)
2. data can be loaded in extensible Excel file formats as long as columns are named, typed, and users manually map columns to system columns
3. any data can be loaded, and the user can even define new schema columns in the Excel file through dynamic definition capability
4. capabilities above and beyond peers", "2106"), ("2107", "120", "Data Cleansing", "What level of data cleansing is integrated into the platform?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. Simple (manually defined) rules-based data correction that transforms simple patterns to other denied values (possibly enhanced by data feeds or databases)
2. Complex reg-ex support for identifying complex errors with unusual patterns and cross-field verification requirements
3. (Hybrid) AI capability that can evolve rules based on changing errors, pattern similarity, and manual overrides
4. Significant additional cleansing capability that is beyond peers. ", "2107"), ("2108", "120", "Data Harmonization", "What level of data harmonization is integrated into the platform?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. Can harmonize data from multiple sources based upon standard industry identifiers and defined data sources
2. Can harmonize data from multiple sources using internal and third party identifiers and customizable rule-based logic
3. (Hybrid) AI capability for harmonizing data from multiple sources using learned patterns
4. Additional advanced capabilities significantly beyond peers", "2108"), ("2109", "120", "Data Enrichment", "What level of data enrichment is supported by the platform?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. Can enrich supplier/product/etc. organizational data from a cultivated vendor database
2. Can enrich supplier/product/etc. organizational data from multiple third party (subscription) sources using out-of-the-box connectors and an Open API for custom feeds
3. Can enrich data using extracted semantic insights and sentiment from a wide swatch of third party sources
4. Significant additional capabilities beyond peers.", "2109"), ("2110", "120", "Data Management", "What level of quality management is embedded into the platform?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. Data is automatically validated against vendor cultivated databases and all integrated (subscription) data sources
2. Numeric and measurement data is automatically subjected to statistical quality checks to verify likelihood of correctness 
3. Overall profile quality metrics (like integrated risk metrics) are defined and monitored to alert a user when data elements seem okay individually but off holistically 
4. Additional advanced capabilities that go beyond peers", "2110"), ("2111", "120", "Auto Data Verification ", "How extensive are the auto data verification capabilities?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. Data is automatically verified on import against cultivated sources and approvals are required for overrides
2. Data is automatically verified on update against real-time (and cultivated) sources and approvals are required for overrides
3. Data is automatically monitored over time and alerts and workflows initiated when changes are detected 
4. More advanced monitoring and verification capabilities significantly beyond peers", "2111"), ("2112", "120", "AR/Auto Detection of Missing / Needed / Erroneous Data", "How extensive are the built in algorithms for the detection of missing or erroneous data?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. Rules-based detection of missing / needed data
2. Rules-based specification of erroneous or outlier data based on reg-ex pattern mismatch and formulaic definition of valid values
3. (Hybrid) AI capability to create and modify rules that detect missing/erroneous data based on user corrections and manual completions over time
4. Significant additional capability beyond peers", "2112"), ("2113", "120", "MDM Capability", "Does the platform have Master Data Management capability?  If so, to what extent?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. Can maintain a single source of master data across the application platform 
2. Can maintain a single source of master data across ERPs and S2P applications
3. Can serve as the enterprise MDM management solution for all S2P related data
4. Breaking new ground in PaaS MDM and capability beyond peers. ", "2113"), ("2114", "120", "Message Logging", "How complete is the message logging capability?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. users have inboxes, messages are transient
2. all messages are logged, changes are stored, and deleted messages get archived
3. messaging is integrated with auditing and e-Signatures, which can apply to individual messages, sent messages are unalterable, and users with authority can pull complete audit trails at any time
4. capabilities above and beyond peers", "2114"), ("2115", "120", "Sandboxing", "What level of sandboxing is offered by the platform?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. a buyer can create a copy of a data (sub)set in their own private data sandbox
2. a project team can create a shared sandbox of data and work on it
3. a project team can create a community sandbox of data and work on it collectively
4. capabilities above and beyond peers", "2115"), ("2116", "121", "Document Management", "How advanced is the built-in document management functionality at the platform level?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. Unlimited Documents, in folders, but no significant version control
2. Document Hierarchies, tagging, grouping, and full version control with check-in, check-out, and locking capabilities
3. Automatic matching, difference identification, full change tracking and control with verifiable, unauditable audit trails
4. Additional document management capabilities that go significantly beyond peers", "2116"), ("2117", "121", "Unstructured Data Management", "Does the platform support unstructured data management?  If so, to what extent?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. Can import unstructured data into database blobs
2. Automatic meta-data extraction, tagging, and indexing for fast, faceted, search
3. Full text search across blobs, in memory if memory is sufficient, map reduce on disk if not ... 
4. All of the above plus new unstructured data management techniques beyond peers", "2117"), ("2118", "121", "Metadata Extraction", "What level of (automatic) meta-data extraction is supported by the platform?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. Pre-defined fields from template-based documents can be extracted automatically
2. Simple reg-ex parsing can extract well-defined values based on field names or data formats
3. Powerful semantic processing can extract deeply buried meta-data from any document in any format or organization
4. capabilities above and beyond peers", "2118"), ("2119", "121", "Media Management", "Does the platform support (multi)media files?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. Can store audio, video, and multimedia files in file folders
2. Can apply 3rd-party AI to identify multimedia file contents, create meta-data, and auto-index it
3. ... and apply deep multi-media search techniques and allow the users to capture, process, and auto-index multi-media files within the tools
4. All of the above plus new media management techniques beyond peers", "2119"), ("2120", "121", "Archival Management", "How much built-in support is there for data archival and management of the data archives?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. Senior users and administrators can choose to archive data elements
2. The platform will automatically archive events, supplier data, etc. that has been unused / untouched for a defined number of months or years or that is associated with deactivated suppliers, products, etc. 
3. automatic for deactivations and changing use patterns and the platform can automatically identify and archive unneeded data and, if suppliers or products get re-activated, automatically unarchive data as well
4. Additional leading edge archival capabilities beyond peers", "2120"), ("2121", "122", "Mobile Support", "How much of the platform functionality is accessible through mobile support?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. simple notifications and approvals. Use of responsive design
2. reporting, commenting, delegation, and simple data entry tuned specifically for a mobile experience
3. very extensive - nearly all functionality available in the desktop version is in the mobile version
4. All of the above plus novel ways to do more with mobile than your peers", "2121"), ("2122", "122", "Advanced Mobile Support", "To what extent is the platform\'s mobile offering capable of taking advantage of mobile specific capabilities?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. can make use of GPS data, but does not take advantage of mobile specific functionality for the most part
2. can take advantage of advanced mobile functions -- proximity sensors, accelerometers, gyroscopes, and offers mobile-specific functionality and alerts
3. uses multimedia, (hybrid) AI and/or other device-specific capabilities to allow natural human interfaces to the platform
4. capabilities above and beyond peers", "2122"), ("2123", "122", "OCR", "To what extent does the platform support OCR?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. basic integration with a third party platform - documents can be submitted in a multitude of image formats and hypertext is returned; 
2. inline integration, and side-by-side image and text comparison for corrections; 
3. integrated AI to automatically detect and correct OCR errors; 
4. capability beyond which is previously addressed and beyond your peers (*note that metadata extraction capabilities are asked about in another question)", "2123"), ("2124", "122", "Virtual Assistant / chatbot", "To what extent, if any, does the platform have integrated virtual assistant capability?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. our system has task-oriented dashboards and auto-complete wizards that guide a user through their tasks
2. our system has an AI chatbot that can help guide users to desired functionality 
3. our system has an AI engine that can identify tasks users need to do, guide them to the right part of the application, provide context specific advice, and help them get the job done using best practices and expert knowledge
4. capabilities above and beyond peers", "2124"), ("2125", "122", "Intelligent Apps (i.e., use of AI techniques like machine learning within the native app or partner apps)", "To what extent does the platform support intelligent apps?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. our system integrates a third party app that utilizes AI (e.g., voice recognition, OCR, etc.); 
2. our system integrates a third party AI-based app (like Siri or Alexa) that our system has trained on sourcing and procurement terminology and workflows; 
3. our team has developed our own Intelligent App infrastructure and trained it on our platform and sourcing workflows; 
4. Additional enhanced capabilities that go well beyond our peers", "2125"), ("2126", "122", "Block Chain", "To what extent, if any, does the platform support blockchain?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. our system is using our own, proprietary, blockchain; 
2. our system has an area that is being deployed on a third party blockchain ecosystem that is emerging in our served industries
3. our system is using a third party that is building a block chain on a distributed open standard that anyone can connect to and verify; 
4. our team is developing additional, open, blockchain content and integration capabilities beyond our peers", "2126"), ("2127", "122", "IoT", "Does your application have any integrated support for the internet of things?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. our system can collect and use data from sensors.
2. our system can process data from sensors and third party apps in real-time and send instructions back to third party apps and sensors (to do re-orders, etc.)
3. our system offers out-of-the-box ready-to-deploy internet appliances that can integrate with our S2P solution.
4. Additional capabilities that go beyond peers!", "2127"), ("2128", "122", "RoadMap", "What on your technology roadmap will advance your offering (and perhaps the market) in the next 6 months?  Give directional input if you can\'t share exact details", "Scored against peers.  Make the case!", "2128"), ("2129", "123", "Integration Platform-as-a-Service (IPaaS)", "Define your approach to integration as a service?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1 Proprietary approach embedded within platform, 
2 Extensibility to allow messaging and error recovery w/ other applications
3 Managed integration as a service natively or through a partner platform
4 mixed model integration on an open platform - or other advanced unique approach", "2129"), ("2130", "123", "Open Integration Standards Support", "What level of support is there for open standards?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. our system supports XML, cXML, EDI (e.g.  ASNI or EDIFACT), docx, pdf, and other standard cross-application data interchange formats 
2. our system supports a whole host of application specific file exchange standards between  ERP, Accounting, and other enterprise systems; 
3. our system supports a slew of industry standard data exchange formats (cXML, HIPAA, etc.) and we actively seek out and adopt client standards
4. Additional open standards support which goes beyond peers", "2130"), ("2131", "123", "APIs", "How extensive is the API support offered by the platform?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. our system has an API built for getting data into and out of our data model
2. our system has an API built on a component-based architecture that can also be used for workflow management and cross-system task orchestration
3. Our API can be used to build custom interfaces and apps under a PaaS model by our partners/customers ... it\'s that good!
4. API as an APP, including the ability to share apps across the customer base (like apps in an app store)", "2131"), ("2132", "123", "ERP/MRP", "How extensive is the out-of-the-box ERP/MRP support?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. just Oracle and SAP, through regular flat file uploads or limited direct pulls 
2. extensive out-of-the-box integrations (including using published APIs from popular ERPs / MRPs which can pull and push on a schedule)
3. unlimited real-time ERP / MRP integrations using an extensible API 
4. Additional capability beyond peers", "2132"), ("2133", "123", "S2P / P2P", "How extensive is the out-of-the-box S2P / P2P support?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. just Ariba and Coupa, through regular flat file integration; 
2. proven application integration to other S2P apps/suites through published API integration that can pull and push on a schedule
3. extensive S2P integration with real-time updates and also real time data synch with master data
4. additional capabilities that go beyond peers", "2133"), ("2134", "123", "3rd Party BI Integrations", "To what extent does the platform support 3rd party BI tools?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. Flat-File Dumps in Qlik/Tableau/SiSense formats that can be used to feed large scale data warehouses or data lakes
2. Native integration to one or more best-of-breed 3rd Party BI tools for reporting and visualization
3. Open API that can support multiple standard data interchange formats and easily allow an organization to use a BI tool of their choice 
4. Additional BI integration capabilities that go beyond peers", "2134"), ("2135", "123", "Risk Management Integration Types", "What level of integration support is there for risk management?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. Integrations to 3rd party risk rating and data consolidation vendors 
2. Integrations to government registries for id and entity verification
3. Integrations to third party audit providers, semantic news monitors, and other deep, specialist providers that provide deep data that needs to be interpreted 
4. Other integrations that go beyond the norm and beyond peers", "2135"), ("2136", "123", "Risk Management Integration Methods", "What is the technical approach to risk management partner integration?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. custom pre-integrations done with specific partners; 
2. Partner integrations with Single Sign On; 
3. Additional partner integrations that allow user/context data to passed back and forth for a more seamless experience; 
4. also use of app store type platform capability to easily turn on/off partner functionality", "2136"), ("2137", "123", "Supplier Verification Integrations", "What level of integration is there for supplier (data) verification?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. Just D&B, BvD, or another big supplier exchange
2. Integration with multiple, third party, networks and databases for additional verification
3. Deep integration with a significant number of global government registries with accurate supplier identifier and status databases
4. Other integrations beyond above that go beyond peers", "2137"), ("2138", "123", "Other Integrations", "How extensive is the out-of-the-box support for other system integrations (not mentioned above).", "Scored against peers.  Make the case!", "2138"), ("2139", "123", "Certified Integrations", "Does your system have any certified integrations?  How many and how extensive are they?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. our system is certified with the major ERPs (Oracle and SAP).
2. our system has certifications from multiple back office system providers.
3. our system has our own certification program and multiple certified partners though it.
4. Certifications beyond the norm and beyond peers. ", "2139"), ("2140", "123", "(S)FTP", "Does the system support (S)FTP for data import/export?  ", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. our system can support secure FTP sites for file transfers, but it\'s all manual
2. our system supports automatic, timed, output to and input from SFTP files, and this can be incremental or full, in pre-defined file formats with pre-defined file name formats
3. our system supports real-time SFTP data transfer with constant polling, file structure identification routines to detect new data for pulling in, and auto-exports to source systems when master data updates are detected
4. capabilities above and beyond peers", "2140"), ("2141", "123", "Post-Deployment Integration Capability", "What level of post-deployment integration capability is there?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. pre-configured integrations can be flipped on-or-off
2. new native platform configurations can be flipped on-or-off
3. new integrations accomplished through the API instance post deployment can be flipped on-or-off
4. capabilities above and beyond peers", "2141"), ("2142", "124", "Customization", "What level of customization is available in your software platform?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. our system can customize menus, questionnaires, reports, event templates, and look and feel. 
2. our system can fully customize workflows and individualize the UX for each client. 
3. our system can natively integrate 3rd party apps created with our PaaS offering as part of the default deployment workflows. 
4. ... to infinity and beyond ... and better than peers!", "2142"), ("2143", "124", "View Filtering", "To what level can views be filtered to a user or role?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. an organization can limit its user (role)s to simple category/project based views
2. an organization can limit its user (role)s to particular products or data within categories and projects by creating analytical \'drill-down\' filters
3. an organization can define multiple filters to limit a role or user to any subset of capability and data defined by the union of multiple filter definitions that can be query, filter, data set or element based
4. additional capabilities above and beyond peers", "2143"), ("2144", "124", "Collaboration (Basic)", "What level of basic collaboration is available out-of-the-box and integrated throughout the platform?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. Integrated e-mail and asynchronous messaging (like Slack)
2. real-time forums and shared-views 
3. integrated VOIP/web share and/or white boards
4. Additional generic collaboration functionality that is significantly beyond peers", "2144"), ("2145", "124", "Collaboration (Advanced)", "What level of advanced collaboration, if any, is available out-of-the-box and integrated throughout the platform?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. Mindmaps, flowcharts, and other advanced constructs - native or natively integrated
2. Freeform whiteboards and drawing/charting applications - native or natively integrated
3. Team based workflow and BPM that uses the above to define new platform functionality
4. Capability beyond the above and beyond peers", "2145"), ("2146", "124", "Screen Sharing", "Does the application support screen sharing?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1 yes, but only the project lead can edit
2 yes, and control can be passed back and forth 
3 yes, and multiple parties can work on multiple tasks simultaneously and track what each other are doing; 
4 capabilities above and beyond peers", "2146"), ("2147", "124", "Form Support", "How extensive is the integrated form support?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. Standard HTML components such as text boxes, check boxes, and (multi-)selects for survey  / RFX creation
2. Modern HTML5 components including data lists and outputs as well as advanced JavaScript support for calculation, pre-population, and dependency enforcement
3. Support for multi-media
4. Capabilities beyond above and beyond peers", "2147"), ("2148", "124", "Excel Support", "How extensive is the ability to mirror and design interfaces in Excel?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. Excel sheets can be output that mimic the form / input format in the application for easy data ingestion
2. Excel sheets can be used to define the input forms and data formats used by the application 
3. Excel workbooks can be used to not only define input forms and data formats but cost models 
4. Enhanced capability beyond above and unique from peers", "2148"), ("2149", "125", "Independent Contract Worker (ICW) Management", "To what extent does the platform support the use/management of ICWs?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. Managed like any other supplier that can self-register, but able to provide a W-9, attach certifications or proof of insurance, submit invoices (and associated time sheets or deliverables), etc. 
2. Basic independent contract worker management for sourcing/SXM (e.g., resume processing with OCR; background checks), worker classification, compliance, rudimentary contract management, 1099-MISC management, reporting, etc. 
3. Full ICW management (Freelancer Management System): direct sourcing, talent pool management (including skill/competency modeling),  onboard-off board, advanced compliance functionality VMS integration, use by MSPs, VMS integration, AOR/EOR integration, VMS integration 
4. Additional capabilities beyond above and beyond peers", "2149"), ("2150", "125", "Temporary Staffing Management", "To what extent does the platform support the use/management of temporary staffing?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. Can generate requisitions that can be passed to VMS
2. Can only model the staffing firm as the supplier and then process invoices from them (with time sheet / rate details) that are matched to rate cards via a \'services catalog\'
3-Can model the temporary worker as a worker and  enable candidate requisitions, candidate review/selection, candidate self-service timesheets/approvals, compliance checking and reporting, etc.)
4=Full featured \"VMS\" capabilities including program management for internally and MSP managed programs", "2150"), ("2151", "125", "Services/SOW Management", "To what extent does the platform support the use/management of workers from a 3rd party service provider (e.g., a consulting firm, outsourcer, et al?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1- Can model and manage providers (suppliers) of services and source projects/activities from them
2. Can model provider\'s workers,  have worker rates, implement SOWs under an MSA, enable worker onboarding/off boarding to/from projects/activities, apply basic compliance control (background checks, etc.), track worker activities
3. Can collaborate with supplier to select workers; create standalone (no MSA) SOWs or services contracts; manage SOW-contract lifecycle; manage project/engagements, milestones, deliverables; provide worker-level milestones tracking; support time and expense reporting; process change orders; enable project and worker evaluation; support worker-level itemized invoice creation
4. Additional capabilities beyond above and beyond peers", "2151"), ("2152", "126", "Preferred Supplier Status", "Does the platform support preferred supplier status?  How extensive is the support?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. account / contract managers / buyers can mark suppliers as preferred
2. preferred suppliers can be defined at the category and product/service level, and the system can limit selection to preferred suppliers in appropriate situations based on user-defined rules
3. the system supports automatic definition of preferred and preferential suppliers based on contracts, quality approvals, and (total) costs
4. capabilities above and beyond peers", "2152"), ("2153", "126", "Blocked/Blacklisted Suppliers", "Does the platform support blocking and blacklisting of suppliers?  How extensive is the support?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. the system supports the manual definition of blocked and blacklisted suppliers
2. the system supports the definition of blocked suppliers at the category and product levels, by geography 
3. the system can automatically blacklist and/or block suppliers based upon government denied party lists, financial distress (bankruptcy), lack of quality (slips below threshold), poor performance (due to consistently late deliveries, etc.) on a scorecard and other user-defined rules
4. capabilities above and beyond peers", "2153"), ("2154", "127", "Internal Issue Identification", "What is the extent of internal issue identification supported by the platform?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. Buyers can manually define issues that may/will require attention as they arise
2. The system can automatically identify issues based on late deliveries, quality drops, and performance drops on scorecards / benchmarks
3. The system can automatically identify emerging issues using predictive analytics on time-series based 360 scorecards 
4. Capabilities beyond the above and beyond peers", "2154"), ("2155", "127", "External Issue Identification", "What is the extent of external issue identification supported by the platform?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. Buyers can manually define issues that may/will require attention as they arise
2. The system can automatically identify issues based on changes in external risk, CSR, and related third party scores
3. The system can automatically identify emerging issues using predictive analytics on time-series based 360 scorecards
4. Capabilities beyond the above and beyond peers", "2155"), ("2156", "127", "Potential Issue Monitoring - Internal", "What is the extent of internal issue monitoring supported by the platform?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. The system can automatically send notifications when issues are logged or status changes
2. The system can monitor issues against plans and timelines and proactively send reminders and escalations
3. The system can monitor internal metrics and performance and notify and/or escalate if the performance changes (in a negative way) during the corrective action
4. ... with capabilities beyond above and beyond peers", "2156"), ("2157", "127", "Potential Issue Monitoring - External", "What is the extent of external issue monitoring supported by the platform?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. The system can automatically send notifications when issues are logged or status changes
2. The system can monitor issues against plans and timelines and proactively send reminders and escalations
3. The system can monitor external metrics and performance and notify and/or escalate if the performance changes (in a negative way) during the corrective action
4. ... with capabilities beyond above and beyond peers", "2157"), ("2158", "127", "Dispute Identification", "What is the extent of dispute detection and  identification?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. Buyers can manually initiate disputes and define a process
2. The system can automatically identify disputes when suppliers dispute buyer messages or buyers dispute supplier messages and automatically suggests resolution plans
3. The system can employ semantic analysis on the exchange and monitor associated metrics or sources to see if there is any improvement on the source of the dispute or progress toward a reconciliation
4. Capabilities beyond above and beyond peers. ", "2158"), ("2159", "128", "Plan Creation", "What is the ability of the platform to support the creation of corrective action management plans?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. The buyer can use project management to define a plan
2. The system can initiate a plan from a template
3. The system can use (Hybrid) AI to suggest a customized resolution plan using templates and specifics of the issue
4. Capabilities beyond above and beyond peers", "2159"), ("2160", "128", "Collaborative Plan Development", "What is the ability of the platform to support collaborative corrective action plan creation?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. The supplier can suggest updates to the plan
2. The buyer and supplier can collaborate on the plan (to the extent allowed by the buyer)
3. The system can employ Cognitive AI to suggest compromises acceptable to both parties based on (counter) exchanges
4. Capabilities beyond above and beyond peers", "2160"), ("2161", "128", "Template Support", "What support is three for the creation of corrective action plan templates?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. The buyer can create a template from scratch
2. The buyer can create a template from pre-defined components and template sections
3. The system employs (hybrid) AI and expert knowledge to guide a buyer through plan creation
4. Capabilities beyond above and beyond peers", "2161"), ("2162", "128", "Template Library", "Does the platform come with an out-of-the-box template library?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. The system has a few starting templates of resolution plans for general processes for the most common disputes
2. The system has a few dozen templates of detailed resolution plans with specific processes that should satisfy 80% of an organization\'s needs
3. The system supports dozens of templates with built in expert knowledge to guide Cognitive AI that can support quick customization when the buyer selects the templates
4. Capabilities beyond above and beyond peers", "2162"), ("2163", "128", "Monitoring", "Does the platform support corrective action plan monitoring?  What is the extent of that support?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. The system can automatically send notifications when certain information is provided or tasks completed
2. The system can monitor progress against timeframes and scorecards and proactively send reminders or push escalations
3. The system can monitor external metrics, semantic sources, and apply semantics to communications and notify and/or escalate if the situation appears to be different then what is reported
4. Capability beyond above and beyond peers", "2163"), ("2164", "128", "Post-Mortem Evaluation", "Does the platform support post-mortems on corrective action plans (upon completion)?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. The buyer and supplier can post comments at the end
2. Detailed surveys can be constructed in standard formats, metrics tracked (for comparative purposes over time), and lessons learned can be incorporated in templates and workflows
3. (Hybrid) AI automatically computes process metrics, compares performance, identifies areas for review, and semantically reviews responses for both parties to address
4. Capabilities beyond above and beyond peers", "2164"), ("2165", "128", "Alerts and Status Updates", "What capability does the platform have for alerts and status updates on corrective action plans?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. Pre-canned alerts for the buyer to choose from
2. User defined rule-based alerts with selectable actions to choose from
3. (Hybrid) AI which can determine when to raise alerts and what actions to take 
4. Capabilities beyond above and beyond peers", "2165"), ("2166", "128", "Resolution Mechanisms", "What resolution mechanisms are there for corrective action plans?  Explain in detail.", "SCORED RELATIVE TO PEERS.  IMPRESS the ANALYSTS.", "2166"), ("2167", "129", "Impact Assessment", "What capabilities are embedded in the platform for assessing the (potential) impact of a risk?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. Application alerts users of risky suppliers when a risk is detected or events are detected that could impact the organization
2. Application alerts users of detected risks and categories that are likely to be impacted by a risk, where, and the value of categories
3. Application employs (Hybrid) AI to calculate the expected cost based on a deep situational analysis
4. Capabilities beyond above and beyond peers", "2167"), ("2168", "129", "Risk Prioritization", "What capabilities are embedded in the platform for prioritizing identified risks?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. Users can prioritize risks manually (using team-based weighting if desired)
2. (Hybrid) AI can help the organization classify risks based upon potential cost impact
3. Cognitive AI can prioritize risks based on potential cost impacts, market conditions, potential brand impact, etc.
4. Capability beyond above and beyond peers", "2168"), ("2169", "129", "What-If Analysis", "Does the platform support what-if analysis for risk assessment?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. Basic cost modelling capability 
2. Advanced cost modelling with integrated market feeds, formulas, and time-series capability
3. Simulation and Optimization support to model various possibilities and associated impacts
4. Capability beyond above and beyond peers", "2169"), ("2170", "130", "Custom Plan Creation", "What capability does the platform contain for the creation of custom risk mitigation plans?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. Ability to create mitigation plans using project management
2. Ability to create mitigation plans using a library of standard actions
3. (Hybrid) AI suggests appropriate mitigation plans based on best practice and encoded expert knowledge
4. Capability beyond above and beyond peers", "2170"), ("2171", "130", "Template Support", "Does the platform allow for the creation of templates for risk mitigation plans?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. Application supports creation of templates to address specific risks based on the project management workflow components
2. Application supports the creation of templates from existing project plans and can apply rules to generalize workflows, actions, and strategies
3. (Hybrid) AI can suggest templates based upon plans created in the community and plans for related risks identified by the organization
4. Capability beyond the above and beyond peers", "2171"), ("2172", "130", "Template Library", "Does the platform come with a library of risk mitigation plan templates?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. A small library that addresses common, and easily identifiable, financial, supply disruption, and regulatory risks
2. A moderate library with a couple of templates for every category of risk monitored
3. An extensive library with a range of mitigation plans for every  category, and major risk, monitored
4. A template library beyond the above and beyond peers", "2172"), ("2173", "130", "Execution Monitoring", "Does the platform allow for the monitoring of risk mitigation plans?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. Simple task/milestone monitoring
2. ... and risk mitigation impact monitoring
3. ... with (hybrid) AI-based predictive analytics that predicts impacts and monitors predictions against results
4. ... with capability beyond above and beyond peers", "2173"), ("2174", "131", "Numeric Models", "Does the platform support numeric risk models?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. Ability to define risk scores using rollups across multiple scores and KPIs
2. Deep formula support across multiple risk scores and KPIs which support drill-down and filters
3. Integrated rules,  trend analysis, and (Hybrid) AI that can adjust metrics and roll ups based on changing conditions 
4. Capability beyond the above and beyond peers", "2174"), ("2175", "131", "Semantic Models", "Does the platform support semantic risk models?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. Simple keyword search against major news feeds
2. Mature semantic models that can run against a wide plethora of news feeds and also identify relevant articles using similar terms and focal points
3. Advanced semantic models that can also run inferences, find related documents, and search secondary sources across multiple languages (natively)
4. Capability beyond above and beyond peers", "2175"), ("2176", "131", "Sentiment Models", "Does the platform support sentiment risk models?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. Can identify positive and negative terms and identify simple sentiment
2. Advanced statistical models that can identify, with high statistical likelihood, if a sentiment is direct or sarcastic or the opposite of what is typically read due to multiple negations
3. Advanced cognitive models that can also detect tone and sentiment without any keywords based on content and phrases
4. Capability beyond above and beyond peers", "2176"), ("2177", "131", "Evolutionary Models", "Does the platform support evolutionary risk models?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. Models self-adjust based upon manual changes and corrections 
2. Models self-adjust based upon differential trend changes with a supplier, spikes in relevant articles, and dramatic shifts in sentiment
3. Models self-adjust based on AI-based predictive analytics that can infer future risks and adjust parameters as data streams into the system
4. Capabilities beyond the above and beyond peers ", "2177"), ("2178", "132", "Internal KPI Monitoring", "Does the platform allow for internal monitoring (and alerts) to be defined on KPIs?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. Simple status checks and alerts when a KPI exceeds or drops below a threshold
2. Complex status checks, alerts, and action triggers when continued downward trends or rapid fluctuations are detected
3. (Hybrid) AI that can also detect unusual changes or statistically unlikely changes based upon past performance and market data
4. Capabilities beyond above and beyond peers", "2178"), ("2179", "132", "Financial Monitoring", "Does the platform support supplier financial monitoring?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. Third party metrics
2. ... integrated with models that monitor OTD, defect/return rate, and other potential leading indicators of financial distress 
3. ... integrated with semantic modelling to identify potential events that can lead to financial distress
4. ... enhanced with capability beyond above and beyond peers", "2179"), ("2180", "132", "Government Status Monitoring", "Does the platform support government status monitoring of suppliers?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. Simple tax id checks, diversity verification checks and monitoring of denied party lists in the customer\'s home country
2. Tax id checks and monitoring of denied party lists globally 
3. Monitoring of all open government databases to identify supplied products and services, contracts, and other relationships
4. Capabilities beyond above and beyond peers", "2180"), ("2181", "132", "Regulatory Monitoring", "Does the platform support regulatory monitoring?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. System monitors KPIs against pre-defined regulatory requirements
2. ... and system monitors regulatory sites and notifies the organization of potential changes in the regulations
3. ... and uses AI to parse the changes and determine what regulations changed, what needs to be rechecked, and what needs to be monitored going forward
4. ... and capability beyond above and beyond peers", "2181"), ("2182", "132", "Tariff Monitoring", "Does the platform support tariff monitoring?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. Monitors HTS codes and published tariff tables in primary import /  export countries 
2. Monitors HTS codes and published tariff tables globally, updates rates automatically, and propagates the updates through affected categories, and budgets  
3. Integrates with news monitoring sources to identify potential changes in advance, alert the buyer, and present a what-if summary of projected impacts
4. Capability beyond the above and beyond peers", "2182"), ("2183", "132", "Legal / Civil Suit Monitoring", "Doe the platform support legal / civil suit monitoring against organizational suppliers?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. Monitoring of federal and state level civil suit databases in one or two primary countries
2. Monitoring of all available federal, state, and municipal civil suit databases in multiple countries
3.  ... including those that do not use English ... 
4. Capabilities beyond above and beyond peers", "2183"), ("2184", "132", "News Monitoring", "Does the platform support news monitoring for incidents that could affect the organization and / or its supply base?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. Monitoring of one or two dozen primary news sites
2. Monitoring of hundreds of primary and secondary news sites, blogs, and  alternative media channels around the world
3. ... in 3 or more languages ...  
4. Capability beyond above and beyond peers", "2184"), ("2185", "132", "Social Media Monitoring", "Does the platform monitor social media for mentions of potential note that relate to the organization or its supply base?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. Monitoring of  LinkedIn, Facebook and Twitter
2. Monitoring of  Instagram, SnapChat, and other secondary Social Networks
3. Monitoring of WeChat, RenRen, our Weibo, SyncYu, CLORIK, and other global social networks primarily used by non-English speaking users
4. Capability beyond the above and beyond peers", "2185"), ("2186", "132", "Cyber Monitoring", "Does the platform contain capabilities for cyber monitoring?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. Shallow integration to 3rd party cyber-monitoring tools
2. ... with log-in monitoring, invalid access attempts, and unusual permission reassignments 
3. ... that is cross-referenced with a deep integration to support cyber-monitoring to detect attacks to the platform through backdoors and backdoor access through other, valid, accounts on a shared multi-tenant system
4. Capabilities beyond above and beyond peers", "2186"), ("2187", "132", "Alerts / Notifications", "What is the extent of support for alerts and notifications?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. Pre-canned alerts for the buyer to choose from
2. User defined rule-based alerts with selectable actions to choose from
3. (Hybrid) AI which can determine when to raise alerts and what actions to take 
4. Capabilities beyond above and beyond peers", "2187"), ("2188", "133", "Financial Compliance", "What support is there in the platform for financial compliance requirements?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. our system can produce reports that can be used in support of regulatory compliance
2. our system supports all of the requirements for SOX
3. our system supports all of the requirements for multiple financial compliance acts around the world
4. capability beyond above and beyond peers", "2188"), ("2189", "133", "Anti-Human Trafficking Compliance", "What support is there in the platform for anti-human trafficking compliance requirements?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. our system can track where the products come from down to the factory
2. our system can track 3rd party audit and compliance data on the suppliers, down to the location
3. our system can track the raw materials to the source to make sure the supplier\'s suppliers are not human trafficking
4. capability beyond above and beyond peers", "2189"), ("2190", "133", "Restricted / Hazardous Material", "What support is there in the platform for restricted / hazardous material  compliance requirements?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. our system can produce reports that can be used in support of regulatory compliance
2. our system supports requirements for EU RoHS and EU REACH out of the box
3. our system supports requirements for a number of  different global restricted / hazardous materials
4. capability beyond above and beyond peers", "2190"), ("2191", "133", "Environmental Compliance", "What support is there in the platform for environmental compliance requirements?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. our system can track fuel, energy, and water usage and carbon emissions 
2. our system supports environmental reporting requirements for the country the majority of our buyers are headquartered in
3. our system supports tracking and reporting requirements for multiple countries / unions regarding water usage, carbon emissions, and key named pollutants
4. capability beyond above and beyond peers", "2191"), ("2192", "133", "Anti-Bribery / Corruption", "What support is there in the platform for anti-bribery / corruption compliance requirements?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. our system can track and report on all payments
2. check ownership and related party databases and flag potential issues for review
3. our system has built in support for FCPA and similar acts and can create supporting reports and audit trails
4. capability beyond above and beyond peers", "2192"), ("2193", "133", "Privacy and Information Security", "What support is there in the platform for privacy and information security compliance requirements?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. our system can flag all personal data and all personal data is encrypted
2. our system supports country specific information protection policies for the primary industries in the primary geographies our system sells in (e.g. HIPAA in the US)
3. our systems are fully GDPR compliant
4. our systems have the capability for an end-user organization or partner to encode any information compliance act in our system through data tagging, security specification, reporting requirements, and (mandatory) deletions / anonymizations", "2193"), ("2194", "133", "Conflict Minerals", "What support is there in the platform for conflict mineral compliance requirements?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. our system has built-in reporting templates for Dodd-Frank compliance
2. our system can track multi-tier supply chains to a material\'s source
3. our system integrates with 3rd party systems to verify that each link in the documented chain is free of conflict minerals
4. capability beyond above and beyond peers", "2194"), ("2195", "133", "Labour Standards", "What support is there in the platform for labour standard requirements?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. our system can track labour standards for various jurisdictions and ask suppliers to fill out surveys
2. our system can track multi-tier supply chains and propagate surveys through the chain
3. our system integrates with 3rd party CSR and Auditors who can verify that suppliers and their suppliers are in compliance with local labor laws AND labour laws in the jurisdictions the products will be sold
4. capability beyond above and beyond peers", "2195"), ("2196", "134", "3rd Party Risk Feeds", "How extensive is the built in support for 3rd party data feeds focused on supplier / supply chain risk?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. Integrated financial and CSR risk feeds from the big players (BvD, D&B, etc.; Ecovadis, Sedex Global, etc.;)
2. Integrated government feeds (entity verification, denied party lists, classifications, etc.) and third party audit feeds from the majority of countries the customers are located in and source from
3. Integrated semantic (news) feed monitoring and sentiment (social media) monitoring for up-to-the-minute risk profiling
4. Additional capabilities beyond the above and beyond peers", "2196"), ("2197", "135", "Depth of Supplier Search (internal supplier database only)", "Does the platform support an internal database structured to support an internal \"network\" for supplier discovery?", "0. System doesn\'t offer a cultivated and maintained database that\'s built for supplier discovery
1. Can search / discover suppliers using queries built on indexed meta-data on the [extensible] supplier database
2. Can search / discover suppliers on all fields, including free-text, flexible metadata tags, and community feedback on the suppliers (i.e., don\'t need a separate supplier performance management system)
3. The platform contains advanced capabilities to help an organization score supplier \"relevance\" in its searches, perform advanced queries, and interrogate other internal enterprise systems
4. More advanced capabilities that go beyond peers", "2197"), ("2198", "135", "Depth of Supplier Search - internal + vendor supplier network", "Do you provide a supplier network / marketplace that your platform integrates to for supplier discovery?", "0. Our system does not offer a public supplier network for supplier discovery
1. Can search / discover suppliers (basic search) which is integrated with internal vendor search (private database) and a single primary supplier network/marketplace that you provide
2. Can perform a real-time federated search / discovery on all fields, including free-text, tags, and community feedback across multiple 3rd party databases / networks using synched federated replication of supplier records.
3. (Hybrid) AI is employed to help an organization discover like suppliers, suppliers best suited for certain objectives, etc. across multiple external databases and networks
4. More advanced capabilities that go beyond peers", "2198"), ("2199", "135", "Depth of Supplier Search - third-party networks / marketplaces", "How deep is the search capability that your platform uses for supplier discovery across multiple third party networks / marketplaces?", "0. Our system does not integrate external database or networks for supplier discovery
1. Can search / discover suppliers on specific 3rd party networks (using queries built on indexed meta-data), but not multiple networks integrated   into internal database/network for unified experience
2. Can do a federated search / discovery on all fields, including free-text, tags, and community feedback across multiple 3rd party databases / networks using synched federated replication of supplier records
3. (Hybrid) AI is employed to help an organization discover like suppliers, suppliers best suited for certain objectives, etc. across multiple external databases and networks
4. More advanced capabilities that go beyond peers", "2199"), ("2200", "135", "Certification / Attribution Support", "To what extent does the platform support supplier certificates and certificate management?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. Can associate uploaded certificates (including insurance certificates) with suppliers and products and fire expiry alerts
2. Can automatically query 3rd party databases and/or send verification requests to 3rd parties to verify
3. Can automatically OCR certificates, extract key metadata, and verify that it matches a request
4. Additional capabilities beyond the above and beyond peers", "2200"), ("2201", "135", "Categorization / Tagging", "Does the platform support tagging and categorization of suppliers?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. A fixed categorization scheme for suppliers that can be customized during implementation.
2. Multiple categorization schemes and tagging structures can be applied to supplier (and associated product) hierarchies (based on standard industry taxonomies and networks)
3. the platform, possibly by way of AI, can auto-suggest categorizations and taggings on supplier import and profile evolution and supports smart categorization/tagging-based search
4. Additional capabilities beyond above and beyond peers", "2201"), ("2202", "136", "Invitation / Campaign Management", "To what extent does the platform support automated supplier campaigns to engage multiple suppliers simultaneously?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. Supplier groups can be created for mass e-mail campaigns
2. Standard campaign management with workflow support and automatic alerts, reminders, and actions
3. Deep campaign management which suggests suppliers, analyzes responses and progress, recommends suppliers for onboarding, recommends manual interference, etc.
4. Additional capabilities beyond above and beyond peers", "2202"), ("2203", "136", "Registration Management", "What level of supplier (self) registration is supported by the platform?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. Fixed registration process that collects the same information for all suppliers and pushes them into the same approval process
2. Dynamic registration process where suppliers are led down appropriate paths to collect appropriate information based on industry, categories/products, geographies, and other critical questions
3. RPA-driven registration where data can be pre-populated from integrated networks and databases and other third party resources
4. Additional capabilities beyond the above and beyond peers", "2203"), ("2204", "137", "Supplier Profile Management", "How extensive are the base , out-of-the-box, supplier profiles?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. Basic supplier profile focused primarily on standard profile data - identifiers, locations, industry and category codes, etc. 
2.  Extended supplier profile with deep financial (payment) data, sustainability data, third party review data, etc. 
3. Deep supplier profiles with extensive metrics, risk scores, semantic reviews, and sentiment data across supplier locales and product hierarchies 
4. Additional capabilities beyond above and beyond peers", "2204"), ("2205", "137", "Supplier Profile Extensibility", "To what extent can the buying organization extend supplier profiles?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. A limited number of free-text / numeric fields can be added to profile sections
2. Unlimited number of fields, of any type, can be added, used as meta-data, and indexed for search
3. Can also support unstructured data, multimedia data, and integrated (real-time) feeds, as needed, as part of the profile
4. Additional capabilities beyond above and beyond peers ", "2205"), ("2206", "138", "Exposed Elements", "How extensive are the collaboration mechanisms exposed to suppliers?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. Suppliers are pretty much limited to e-mail, asynchronous messaging, and document upload
2. Suppliers have access to shared views, VOIP/web share, and/or white-boards
3. Suppliers have full access to project management and team-based management for full collaboration
4. Exposed elements beyond above and beyond peers", "2206"), ("2207", "139", "Self Registration", "To what extent does the platform support supplier self-registration?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. suppliers can sign up for future invitation and maybe provide some basic information for buyer consideration
2. suppliers can provide extensive category and industry information and be guided through an information collection workflow based on the answers and information provided and essentially complete an initial onboarding process to jump-start a buyer\'s assessment; 
3. embedded RPA guides a supplier through the onboarding process, importing available data from integrated 3rd party sources and networks for efficiency, providing real-time feedback on likelihood of selection based on  answers (so a supplier can short circuit a category or even an entire registration if they don\'t meet key requirements), and ensuring all data required for risk and regulatory compliance assessment is collected
4. would include capability beyond which is previously addressed and beyond peers", "2207"), ("2208", "139", "Survey Management ", "How flexible is the Survey response management capability of the platform from the supplier\'s perspective?  Surveys include RFX, self-scorecarding, voice of the supplier surveys, etc.", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. multiple, invited parties designated by the buyer can respond to the basic survey; 
2. supplier segmentation allows customized surveys and/or with conditional logic in the survey (can be 3rd party survey tool provider/partner) the supplier can add parties, but limited control over what they can/cannot respond to; 
3. suppliers can add parties (i.e., workflow delegations/notifications), restrict roles, review options, etc. 
4. includes capability beyond which is previously addressed and beyond peers (e.g., multi-tier delegation to sub-contractors or other sophisticated use cases)", "2208"), ("2209", "140", "360-Degree Scorecards", "Does the platform support true 360-degree scorecards where the suppliers  can also score the buyer?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. Suppliers can define basic survey-driven scorecards on the buyer and import their objective/KPI data from flat files
2. Suppliers can define extensive KPI-driven scorecards with complex formula support on survey and metric data on the buyer\'s performance
3. ... and augment that with relative performance data of the customer against other customers of the supplier ... 
4. Additional capability beyond the above and beyond peers", "2209"), ("2210", "141", "Corrective Action Management", "How extensive are the corrective action management capabilities to which the supplier has access?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. Suppliers can receive notifications of issues and respond using asynchronous messaging or integrated e-mail
2. Suppliers can see corrective action requests and collaborate on the creation of corrective action plans with milestones and deliverables and report on progress
3. The platform contains capabilities to identify similar issues, suggest plans, allow buyers and suppliers to agree on and tweak them, automatically monitor progress, and provide real-time status reports 
4. Capability beyond the above and beyond peers ", "2210"), ("2211", "141", "Supplier Initiated Issues", "Can the supplier identify issues and initiate corrective action requests?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. Suppliers can log issues, which buyers can then flip into corrective action requests
2. Suppliers can initiate corrective action requests on buyer issues and collaborate on the creation of corrective action plans with milestones and deliverables
3. The platform contains capabilities to identify similar issues (from anonymized community intelligence), suggest plans, and allow buyers and suppliers to agree on them, tweak them, automatically monitor progress, and provide real-time status reports
4. capability beyond above and beyond peers", "2211"), ("2212", "141", "Negotiation Management", "What extent of negotiation management is supported from the supplier\'s perspective?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. Suppliers can receive offers from buyers and return counter-offers as attachments
2. Suppliers can receive integrated offers and propose counter-offers through the tool (either natively or through Word integration), and the complete change management in unalterable audit trails is maintained
3. Suppliers can pull in data from third party feeds to justify costs, attach certificates, provide links to third party audits and assessments, use their own clauses and templates, and have access to pretty much the full negotiation capabilities of the platform 
4. capabilities beyond above and beyond peers", "2212"), ("2213", "142", "Roadmap", "What on your supplier portal technology roadmap will advance your solution (and perhaps the market) in the next 6 months?  Give directional input if you can\'t share exact details", "Scored against peers.  Make the case!", "2213"), ("2214", "143", "Breadth of Implementation Services", "Please describe what is included within your basic/foundational implementation services (e.g., implementation planning, project management, configuration, testing, training, etc.) for your solution(s) and what makes it most successful?  Also, to what extent are you involved in broader business services (e.g., process redesign, benchmarking, best practices, change management, etc.) and technical services (e.g., systems integration, custom development, data/analytics) versus when you tend to work with your 3rd party professional services partners?", "0. We\'ve not yet really offered these services. Not a current priority.
1. Partial support.  We do some of this on a case-by-case basis, but haven\'t been pushed by customers to expand beyond this.
2. Moderate support.  We provide decent support for these services as part of a formal service offering/capability.
3. Strong support.  We definitely deliver these services robustly and continually because they\'re critical to our overall value proposition.
4. Differentiated capability.  We have a material advantage over our peers because of our unique strengths to deliver these high impact services.
5. World class differentiated capabilities. These are so good that we could spin out as a separate, profitable, business if we wanted to do so.  We win deals just because of this single services capability.", "2214"), ("2215", "143", "Depth of Services Capabilities", "Describe the depth of your own professional services teams and your partner professional services firms to assist in: operational/IT strategy, implementation planning, and implementation execution (process redesign, system tailoring/customization, testing, training, post implementation support, etc.) Approximately how many internal FTEs are on your team in this overall area? Similarly, approximately how many partner FTEs are certified in total (if a certification program exists) and trained (outside of a formal certification program)?", "0. We\'ve not yet really offered these services. Not a current priority.
1. Partial support.  We do some of this on a case-by-case basis, but haven\'t been pushed by customers to expand beyond this.
2. Moderate support.  We provide decent support for these services as part of a formal service offering/capability.
3. Strong support.  We definitely deliver these services robustly and continually because they\'re critical to our overall value proposition.
4. Differentiated capability.  We have a material advantage over our peers because of our unique strengths to deliver these high impact services.
5. World class differentiated capabilities. These are so good that we could spin out as a separate, profitable, business if we wanted to do so.  We win deals just because of this single services capability.", "2215"), ("2216", "143", "Analytics Services", "To what extent do you natively provide analytics (including data science) services rather than just analytics technology. Are they \'enabling services\' (e.g., helping your client build custom analytics and you\'re done) or managed services (i.e., you become an ongoing \"extended CoE\")?  Describe the typical domains for your analytics services: spend/opportunity analysis, performance analysis, risk analysis, working capital, etc.? Please mention any specialized tools/partners and also include your best case study to illustrate your strongest domains", "0. We\'ve not yet really offered these services. Not a current priority.
1. Partial support.  We do some of this on a case-by-case basis, but haven\'t been pushed by customers to expand beyond this.
2. Moderate support.  We provide decent support for these services as part of a formal service offering/capability.
3. Strong support.  We definitely deliver these services robustly and continually because they\'re critical to our overall value proposition.
4. Differentiated capability.  We have a material advantage over our peers because of our unique strengths to deliver these high impact services.
5. World class differentiated capabilities. These are so good that we could spin out as a separate, profitable, business if we wanted to do so.  We win deals just because of this single services capability.", "2216"), ("2217", "143", "Data Management Services", "Describe your services to natively (or through partners) aggregate, cleanse, classify, enrich, and harmonize client data/documents.  Explain any innovative internal/external tools, content sources, and partners that you use to help with these services?", "0. We\'ve not yet really offered these services. Not a current priority.
1. Partial support.  We do some of this on a case-by-case basis, but haven\'t been pushed by customers to expand beyond this.
2. Moderate support.  We provide decent support for these services as part of a formal service offering/capability.
3. Strong support.  We definitely deliver these services robustly and continually because they\'re critical to our overall value proposition.
4. Differentiated capability.  We have a material advantage over our peers because of our unique strengths to deliver these high impact services.
5. World class differentiated capabilities. These are so good that we could spin out as a separate, profitable, business if we wanted to do so.  We win deals just because of this single services capability.", "2217"), ("2218", "143", "Systems Integration Services", "Please describe your typical approach for performing systems integration to your other systems and to suppliers?  Do you take lead or do your designated technical partners (and who are they) and who owns the SLAs for ongoing integration support?  If you provide a supplier/business network, do you offer other direct buyer-supplier connectivity options?  If you don\'t, do you or partners offer such managed integration services?", "0. We\'ve not yet really offered these services. Not a current priority.
1. Partial support.  We do some of this on a case-by-case basis, but haven\'t been pushed by customers to expand beyond this.
2. Moderate support.  We provide decent support for these services as part of a formal service offering/capability.
3. Strong support.  We definitely deliver these services robustly and continually because they\'re critical to our overall value proposition.
4. Differentiated capability.  We have a material advantage over our peers because of our unique strengths to deliver these high impact services.
5. World class differentiated capabilities. These are so good that we could spin out as a separate, profitable, business if we wanted to do so.  We win deals just because of this single services capability.", "2218"), ("2219", "143", "Training and Knowledge Transfer", "Please describe your typical approach to training and other ways to transfer knowledge during pre-through-post implementation (e.g., how do you organize and deliver your training \"curriculum\")?  Any key innovations/tools/differentiators here in your approach?  Also, do you work with specific partners, and if so, what do they specifically contribute?", "0. We\'ve not yet really offered these services. Not a current priority.
1. Partial support.  We do some of this on a case-by-case basis, but haven\'t been pushed by customers to expand beyond this.
2. Moderate support.  We provide decent support for these services as part of a formal service offering/capability.
3. Strong support.  We definitely deliver these services robustly and continually because they\'re critical to our overall value proposition.
4. Differentiated capability.  We have a material advantage over our peers because of our unique strengths to deliver these high impact services.
5. World class differentiated capabilities. These are so good that we could spin out as a separate, profitable, business if we wanted to do so.  We win deals just because of this single services capability.", "2219"), ("2220", "143", "Maintenance/Support Services", "Please generally describe your different maintenance/support levels (e.g., Tier 1/2 help desk support, upgrade training/support, etc.) and what is typically included in a base solution subscription compared to higher level premium support options", "0. We\'ve not yet really offered these services. Not a current priority.
1. Partial support.  We do some of this on a case-by-case basis, but haven\'t been pushed by customers to expand beyond this.
2. Moderate support.  We provide decent support for these services as part of a formal service offering/capability.
3. Strong support.  We definitely deliver these services robustly and continually because they\'re critical to our overall value proposition.
4. Differentiated capability.  We have a material advantage over our peers because of our unique strengths to deliver these high impact services.
5. World class differentiated capabilities. These are so good that we could spin out as a separate, profitable, business if we wanted to do so.  We win deals just because of this single services capability.", "2220"), ("2221", "143", "Benchmarking Services", "Please describe to what extent do you (or partners) formally benchmark your clients\' performance (and practices) against their peers to help build a business case for change?  If you don\'t do this, how do you foster peer networking & knowledge sharing within/across your client base?", "0. We\'ve not yet really offered these services. Not a current priority.
1. Partial support.  We do some of this on a case-by-case basis, but haven\'t been pushed by customers to expand beyond this.
2. Moderate support.  We provide decent support for these services as part of a formal service offering/capability.
3. Strong support.  We definitely deliver these services robustly and continually because they\'re critical to our overall value proposition.
4. Differentiated capability.  We have a material advantage over our peers because of our unique strengths to deliver these high impact services.
5. World class differentiated capabilities. These are so good that we could spin out as a separate, profitable, business if we wanted to do so.  We win deals just because of this single services capability.", "2221"), ("2222", "143", "Business Consulting Services", "Please describe if and how you perform business consulting services for S2P assessments, broader assessments (e.g., in SCM, working capital, etc.), future state design, best practices, gap analysis, program/project planning, transformation/change management, talent management, etc.?  What percentage of this work tends to be done by your team versus by your partners (and who are your main partners that you use if you\'ve not listed them already)", "0. We\'ve not yet really offered these services. Not a current priority.
1. Partial support.  We do some of this on a case-by-case basis, but haven\'t been pushed by customers to expand beyond this.
2. Moderate support.  We provide decent support for these services as part of a formal service offering/capability.
3. Strong support.  We definitely deliver these services robustly and continually because they\'re critical to our overall value proposition.
4. Differentiated capability.  We have a material advantage over our peers because of our unique strengths to deliver these high impact services.
5. World class differentiated capabilities. These are so good that we could spin out as a separate, profitable, business if we wanted to do so.  We win deals just because of this single services capability.", "2222"), ("2223", "143", "Outsourcing and Managed Services", "Please describe how you and/or partners deliver \"Business Processes as a Service\" for provisioning/delivering ongoing processes and outcomes (i.e., rather than providing underlying tech capabilities).  Outsourcing can also include \"Co-Sourcing\" models", "0. We\'ve not yet really offered these services. Not a current priority.
1. Partial support.  We do some of this on a case-by-case basis, but haven\'t been pushed by customers to expand beyond this.
2. Moderate support.  We provide decent support for these services as part of a formal service offering/capability.
3. Strong support.  We definitely deliver these services robustly and continually because they\'re critical to our overall value proposition.
4. Differentiated capability.  We have a material advantage over our peers because of our unique strengths to deliver these high impact services.
5. World class differentiated capabilities. These are so good that we could spin out as a separate, profitable, business if we wanted to do so.  We win deals just because of this single services capability.", "2223"), ("2224", "143", "Co-Innovation Services", "Please describe any structured programs (if any) that you have for customer co-innovation to develop new solutions not currently in development for the broad customer base?  If you have this, what\'s the typical commercial/operating model for it?", "0. We\'ve not yet really offered these services. Not a current priority.
1. Partial support.  We do some of this on a case-by-case basis, but haven\'t been pushed by customers to expand beyond this.
2. Moderate support.  We provide decent support for these services as part of a formal service offering/capability.
3. Strong support.  We definitely deliver these services robustly and continually because they\'re critical to our overall value proposition.
4. Differentiated capability.  We have a material advantage over our peers because of our unique strengths to deliver these high impact services.
5. World class differentiated capabilities. These are so good that we could spin out as a separate, profitable, business if we wanted to do so.  We win deals just because of this single services capability.", "2224"), ("2225", "143", "Service Delivery Innovation", "Are there any services that we\'ve not covered that you perform which add value to your clients?  Also, are there any novel techniques or tools that you feel are a differentiator in how you deliver services to your clients as they themselves are delivering procurement services to their stakeholders?", "0. We\'ve not yet really offered these services. Not a current priority.
1. Partial support.  We do some of this on a case-by-case basis, but haven\'t been pushed by customers to expand beyond this.
2. Moderate support.  We provide decent support for these services as part of a formal service offering/capability.
3. Strong support.  We definitely deliver these services robustly and continually because they\'re critical to our overall value proposition.
4. Differentiated capability.  We have a material advantage over our peers because of our unique strengths to deliver these high impact services.
5. World class differentiated capabilities. These are so good that we could spin out as a separate, profitable, business if we wanted to do so.  We win deals just because of this single services capability.", "2225"), ("2226", "143", "Spend / Opportunity Analysis", "Describe the extent of the spend / opportunity analysis services that you perform directly to help your clients find and unlock value, including: spend categorization, TCO analysis/benchmarking, demand analysis, working capital analysis, contract analysis, category-specific analytics, etc.  ", "0. We\'ve not yet really offered these services. Not a current priority.
1. Partial support.  We do some of this on a case-by-case basis, but haven\'t been pushed by customers to expand beyond this.
2. Moderate support.  We provide decent support for these services as part of a formal service offering/capability.
3. Strong support.  We definitely deliver these services robustly and continually because they\'re critical to our overall value proposition.
4. Differentiated capability.  We have a material advantage over our peers because of our unique strengths to deliver these high impact services.
5. World class differentiated capabilities. These are so good that we could spin out as a separate, profitable, business if we wanted to do so.  We win deals just because of this single services capability.", "2226"), ("2227", "143", "Spend ETL / Cleansing / Classification / Categorization", "Describe the extent of your ETL, cleansing, classification, and categorization data services. Describe the expertise that you have here, the industries you are experienced in, and the categories you specialize in. Describe your average mapping accuracy after a first pass before the first client input and how long (and how many man-hours) it takes to get to 90%, 95%, and 99% accuracy. How do you work in \"new industries\" or new categories? How should accuracy expectations change with new clients in new markets?", "0. We\'ve not yet really offered these services. Not a current priority.
1. Partial support.  We do some of this on a case-by-case basis, but haven\'t been pushed by customers to expand beyond this.
2. Moderate support.  We provide decent support for these services as part of a formal service offering/capability.
3. Strong support.  We definitely deliver these services robustly and continually because they\'re critical to our overall value proposition.
4. Differentiated capability.  We have a material advantage over our peers because of our unique strengths to deliver these high impact services.
5. World class differentiated capabilities. These are so good that we could spin out as a separate, profitable, business if we wanted to do so.  We win deals just because of this single services capability.", "2227"), ("2228", "143", "Spend Data Management Services", "Describe your ongoing data management services -- including refresh, regular cleansing and enrichment, ongoing categorization, and normalization, etc.", "0. We\'ve not yet really offered these services. Not a current priority.
1. Partial support.  We do some of this on a case-by-case basis, but haven\'t been pushed by customers to expand beyond this.
2. Moderate support.  We provide decent support for these services as part of a formal service offering/capability.
3. Strong support.  We definitely deliver these services robustly and continually because they\'re critical to our overall value proposition.
4. Differentiated capability.  We have a material advantage over our peers because of our unique strengths to deliver these high impact services.
5. World class differentiated capabilities. These are so good that we could spin out as a separate, profitable, business if we wanted to do so.  We win deals just because of this single services capability.", "2228"), ("2229", "143", "Supplier Development & Innovation Management", "Describe the extent of supplier development and innovation management services (i.e.,  leading / managing supplier development and innovation management projects)? If you use partners, please specify them and their services here.", "0. We\'ve not yet really offered these services. Not a current priority.
1. Partial support.  We do some of this on a case-by-case basis, but haven\'t been pushed by customers to expand beyond this.
2. Moderate support.  We provide decent support for these services as part of a formal service offering/capability.
3. Strong support.  We definitely deliver these services robustly and continually because they\'re critical to our overall value proposition.
4. Differentiated capability.  We have a material advantage over our peers because of our unique strengths to deliver these high impact services.
5. World class differentiated capabilities. These are so good that we could spin out as a separate, profitable, business if we wanted to do so.  We win deals just because of this single services capability.", "2229"), ("2230", "143", "Supplier Onboarding Services", "Do you offer a service based on your platform to onboard (and offboard) suppliers? If so, please describe the extent of supplier onboarding services.  Are multi-channel onboarding events supported across categories, industries, and geographies? Is there any supplier network support?", "0. We\'ve not yet really offered these services. Not a current priority.
1. Partial support.  We do some of this on a case-by-case basis, but haven\'t been pushed by customers to expand beyond this.
2. Moderate support.  We provide decent support for these services as part of a formal service offering/capability.
3. Strong support.  We definitely deliver these services robustly and continually because they\'re critical to our overall value proposition.
4. Differentiated capability.  We have a material advantage over our peers because of our unique strengths to deliver these high impact services.
5. World class differentiated capabilities. These are so good that we could spin out as a separate, profitable, business if we wanted to do so.  We win deals just because of this single services capability.", "2230"), ("2231", "143", "Supplier Management Services", "Describe your ability to do perform supplier management services (e.g., SIM services like supplier data / profile management; supplier regulatory compliance services like certifications/audits; SRM services; etc.) on behalf of the buying organization, either natively or through partners", "0. We\'ve not yet really offered these services. Not a current priority.
1. Partial support.  We do some of this on a case-by-case basis, but haven\'t been pushed by customers to expand beyond this.
2. Moderate support.  We provide decent support for these services as part of a formal service offering/capability.
3. Strong support.  We definitely deliver these services robustly and continually because they\'re critical to our overall value proposition.
4. Differentiated capability.  We have a material advantage over our peers because of our unique strengths to deliver these high impact services.
5. World class differentiated capabilities. These are so good that we could spin out as a separate, profitable, business if we wanted to do so.  We win deals just because of this single services capability.", "2231"), ("2232", "143", "Supply Market Intelligence Services", "Do you provide (directly or through partners) any types of supply market intelligence services that augment (or integrate with) your technology solutions.  This can include supplier intelligence, market intelligence, pricing intelligence, risk intelligence, and so on.  Please describe any example areas, partners, and commercial models that you\'ve employed.", "0. We\'ve not yet really offered these services. Not a current priority.
1. Partial support.  We do some of this on a case-by-case basis, but haven\'t been pushed by customers to expand beyond this.
2. Moderate support.  We provide decent support for these services as part of a formal service offering/capability.
3. Strong support.  We definitely deliver these services robustly and continually because they\'re critical to our overall value proposition.
4. Differentiated capability.  We have a material advantage over our peers because of our unique strengths to deliver these high impact services.
5. World class differentiated capabilities. These are so good that we could spin out as a separate, profitable, business if we wanted to do so.  We win deals just because of this single services capability.", "2232"), ("2233", "144", "Performance Based Contracting", "Please describe how you can \"put skin in the game\" to commercially align your solutions/services to the metrics that your clients are being held to?  What type of gain/risk sharing mechanisms will you support and how has this typically worked (e.g., baselining and then setting SLAs and upside targets)?", "0. We\'ve not yet really offered these services. Not a current priority.
1. Partial support.  We do some of this on a case-by-case basis, but haven\'t been pushed by customers to expand beyond this.
2. Moderate support.  We provide decent support for these services as part of a formal service offering/capability.
3. Strong support.  We definitely deliver these services robustly and continually because they\'re critical to our overall value proposition.
4. Differentiated capability.  We have a material advantage over our peers because of our unique strengths to deliver these high impact services.
5. World class differentiated capabilities. These are so good that we could spin out as a separate, profitable, business if we wanted to do so.  We win deals just because of this single services capability.", "2233"), ("2234", "145", "Sourcing Events (managed RFX/Auction/Optimization)", "Describe your ability to help manage/support sourcing events on behalf of your client.", "0. We\'ve not yet really offered these services. Not a current priority.
1. Partial support.  We do some of this on a case-by-case basis, but haven\'t been pushed by customers to expand beyond this.
2. Moderate support.  We provide decent support for these services as part of a formal service offering/capability.
3. Strong support.  We definitely deliver these services robustly and continually because they\'re critical to our overall value proposition.
4. Differentiated capability.  We have a material advantage over our peers because of our unique strengths to deliver these high impact services.
5. World class differentiated capabilities. These are so good that we could spin out as a separate, profitable, business if we wanted to do so.  We win deals just because of this single services capability.", "2234"), ("2235", "145", "Category Management Services (category-specific)", "Describe the strength of your category-specific services - whether delivered natively or through partners.  Is it category-specific best practices expertise/consulting or also deeper category expertise/intelligence leveraging innovative tools and content (e.g., pre-built tunable category-specific models; trained AI; 3rd party content)?  Please note any categories where you have particularly deep strengths", "0. We\'ve not yet really offered these services. Not a current priority.
1. Partial support.  We do some of this on a case-by-case basis, but haven\'t been pushed by customers to expand beyond this.
2. Moderate support.  We provide decent support for these services as part of a formal service offering/capability.
3. Strong support.  We definitely deliver these services robustly and continually because they\'re critical to our overall value proposition.
4. Differentiated capability.  We have a material advantage over our peers because of our unique strengths to deliver these high impact services.
5. World class differentiated capabilities. These are so good that we could spin out as a separate, profitable, business if we wanted to do so.  We win deals just because of this single services capability.", "2235"), ("2236", "145", "Supply Risk Management", "Describe the extent of your risk identification and monitoring/mitigation services (i.e., what risk types and data sources do you use and how to you offer that commercially)?", "0. We\'ve not yet really offered these services. Not a current priority.
1. Partial support.  We do some of this on a case-by-case basis, but haven\'t been pushed by customers to expand beyond this.
2. Moderate support.  We provide decent support for these services as part of a formal service offering/capability.
3. Strong support.  We definitely deliver these services robustly and continually because they\'re critical to our overall value proposition.
4. Differentiated capability.  We have a material advantage over our peers because of our unique strengths to deliver these high impact services.
5. World class differentiated capabilities. These are so good that we could spin out as a separate, profitable, business if we wanted to do so.  We win deals just because of this single services capability.", "2236"), ("2237", "146", "Arbitrary Categorization in Spend Analysis", "This is the ability to do category spend analysis against default, built in, and arbitrary (what-if) categorizations.", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1 integrated spend analysis categorization against a single built in taxonomy; 
2 integrated spend analysis categorization against multiple taxonomies, including what-if taxonomies; 
3 integrated support for in-line data enrichment from integrated feeds 
4 capabilities beyond above and beyond peers", "2237"), ("2238", "146", "Trend Analysis and Demand Forecasting", "Does the tool contain the ability to plot historical (benchmark) prices, project future pricing trends, market demands, and company demands?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1 is the ability to plot historical prices and demands and do basic trend analysis; 
2 is the ability to plot this against market data and predict likely market prices; 
3 is  the ability to use advanced demand planning models to predict detailed demands over time; 
4 integrated demand management functionality and guided buying based on prescriptive analytics and capability beyond peers", "2238"), ("2239", "146", "Category Benchmarks", "Does the tool contain built in category benchmarks based on real world data, market pricing, real-time updates based on anonymized community events, and/or should-cost models.", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1 is the ability to maintain benchmarks ; 
2 is the ability to automatically populate benchmarks with anonymized data from other clients/participants in a buyer network; 
3 is the ability to extend those with industry data from integrated feeds; 
4 innovations beyond above and beyond peers", "2239"), ("2240", "146", "Tracking / Scorecard Integration", "Does the tool contain the ability to create scorecards and track sourcing success against the category plan / opportunity analysis?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1 the ability to define scorecards; 
2 the ability to populate them automatically from KPIs, surveys, and imported data; 
3 the ability to define trends and alerts and track changes over time; 
4 capability beyond above and beyond peers", "2240"), ("2241", "146", "Category Sourcing Plans/Templates", "Does the tool contain built-in category sourcing plans based on templates built by experts (internal or external to your organization: please specify) and guide a user through the creation and execution of category-based sourcing events?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1 the ability to define and track category plans in customizable templates
2 support for detailed sourcing plans across categories and products with workflow enabled templates integrated into the various modules and functions; 
3 adaptive sourcing templates that vary the workflow based on market conditions and configurable rules; etc.
4 capability beyond above and beyond peers", "2241"), ("2242", "146", "CATEGORY AUTOMATION", "To what extent can the platform automate category analysis, planning, and sourcing execution?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. simple no-go / go stop rules can be embedded in the workflow
2. advanced rules that allow the workflow to be automated if values are in tolerances, which can shift based on market costs and average market risks
3. integrated ML that can adjust tolerances in real time and automate as much as possible in category management
4. capability beyond above and beyond peers", "2242"), ("2243", "146", "Prescriptive Analytics", "Does the tool support prescriptive analytics that can analyze current market conditions, organizational demands, and projected trends and guide the user into the identification of an appropriate category for sourcing and/or the selection of the appropriate sourcing event type and template among multiple built-in options built by industry experts? Can it assist with demand management? Lean Process Improvements? To what extent? Please describe.", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1 the platform can provide general advice based on general measurements or comparisons; 
2 the platform can provide specific advice on a category / project basis; 
3 the platform can adapt the recommendations and workflow based on current market conditions; 
4 the platform can embed advanced statistical modelling/simulation/optimization models; etc. and offers capabilities beyond above and beyond peers", "2243"), ("2244", "146", "Permissive Analytics", "Does the tool support permissive analytics that can be used to automate simple workflow-based tasks such as automated supplier invitations, bid submission acceptance, etc.?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1 the platform can automate simple tasks like preferred supplier invitations, bid invitations, bid acceptance (but not award), etc. 
2. the platform can automate supplier approvals, awards to lowest cost bids (that meet business constraints), generate contract templates, etc. 
3. the platform supports cognitive buying and spot-buys, low-dollar buys, and certain non-strategic buys in well defined categories can be fully automated
4. capability beyond above and beyond peers", "2244"), ("2245", "146", "Sourcing Strategy Definition", "Does the tool support the creation of sourcing strategies based on the sourcing project / category needs that can be documented, archived, and accessed at any time?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1 the platform supports simple, static, sourcing strategy definition; 
2 the platform supports quick links into different modules based on high-level workflow steps; 
3 the platform supports the creation of detailed step-by-step sourcing strategies with progress tracking and links into specific step workflows within modules; 
4 the platform has capability beyond above and beyond peers", "2245"), ("2246", "146", "Sourcing Process", "Describe your approach to customized Sourcing Process configuration as well as both basic and advanced configuration scenarios. Approaches could be based on users, departments, commodities, roles, content groups, approval steps, delegated approvals, units of measure, custom fields, accounts, chart of accounts, invoice tolerances, receiving tolerances, budget periods, payment terms, etc. Describe if there is a limit to the number of configurations included (e.g., # of fields, forms etc.). If so, what is the limit? Describe how your solution supports both single and multiple categorizations and/or accounting structures. Describe the process for configuring custom fields/web forms (and what are the limitations/constraints in terms of what can be enabled).", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1 we have a standard workflow where you can (de)select elements; 
2 we have a workflow builder where you can select the functions/modules you want in the order you want; 
3 we support advanced configurations that can be based off of category/industry templates, include modifiable event-specific workflows, detailed approval processes, verification and issue escalation rules, and so on; 
4 the platform supports capability beyond above and beyond peers", "2246"), ("2247", "146", "SOURCING PROCESS AUTOMATION", "To what extent can an end-to-end sourcing process based on a category be automated?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. simple no-go / go stop rules can be embedded in the workflow
2. advanced rules that allow the workflow to be automated if values are in tolerances, which can shift based on market costs and average market risks
3. integrated ML that can adjust tolerances in real time and automate as much as possible in category sourcing 
4. capability beyond above and beyond peers", "2247"), ("2248", "146", "Project Integration", "Describe the integration of each module/function with the overall project management capability of the platform or an integrated platform?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1 specific modules and workflows can be associated with milestones; 
2 project status auto-updates as key workflow steps complete or supplier submissions are accepted; 
3 complete integration and project plans can be updated mid-project by users with authority to do so; 
4 the platform includes capability beyond above and beyond peers", "2248"), ("2249", "146", "System Assisted Opportunity Identification", "Describe unique processes and techniques supported by the system to help buyers identify category opportunities they might not otherwise identify.", "** scored against peers **", "2249"), ("2250", "146", "Assisted Sourcing Roadmap", "What developments do you have planned to help buyers with their daily sourcing activities?", "** scored against peers **", "2250"), ("2251", "147", "Basic Should Cost Modelling", "Does the tool support the creation and maintenance of should cost models?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1 is the ability to define a simple should cost model; 
2 is the ability to automatically populate from corporate or market data (feeds); 
3 is the ability to define costs based on advanced formulas; 
4 would be the ability to compute future costs based on projected cost trends across raw materials, labor, energy, and overhead costs; etc.", "2251"), ("2252", "147", "Market Data Feeds", "Does the tool support the integration of market data to support should-cost model creation?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1 the ability to import data from flat files; 
2 the ability to import data from real-time from data sources; 
3 the ability to do real-time cost interpolation using advanced metrics and formulae for more accurate costing; 
4 capability beyond above and beyond peers", "2252"), ("2253", "147", "Bill of Material Support", "Does the tool support the creation of detailed bills of material and can the bill of materials be imported from ERP/MRP solutions?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1 is basic support for the definition of a bill of materials; 
2 is importation from ERP/MRP; 
3 is support for BoM driven cost models; 
4 is support for multi-tier dynamic roll-up cost models and capability beyond above and beyond peers", "2253"), ("2254", "147", "Cost Driver Identification", "Can the platform identify the major cost drivers for a category?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1 a buyer can manually define the major the cost drivers
2 the platform can identify the cost components across the category that account for the greatest cost by volume
3 the platform can use (hybrid) AI to compare cost factors against market trends to identify the major cost drivers at any given time
4 capability beyond above and beyond peers", "2254"), ("2255", "147", "Templates", "Does the tool come with a set of templates for the products and services require by the organization, grouped into the categories supported by the organization?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1 a set of high level category templates; 
2 detailed category templates with key products / raw materials; 
3 adaptive templates based on changing designs / bills of material; 
4 would include capability beyond above and beyond peers", "2255"), ("2256", "147", "Demand Support", "Does the tool support the definition of budgets and point-in-time demand definition over the course of the project award window?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1 ability to define demands over a time period 
2 demands and associated models can be imported from third party demand management systems
3 demand projections can be updated based upon inventory, POS data, and integrated models on a regular schedule 
4 capability beyond above and beyond peers", "2256"), ("2257", "147", "UX", "Please describe the user experience for an average buyer using should-cost models?", "** scored against peers ** ", "2257"), ("2258", "148", "Creation Methodology", "How flexible is the RFP creation methodology and can it be customized to the needs of the buyer?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1 the buyer can create the RFP questions that are required; 
2 the buyer can modify the RFP creation process; 
3 the buyer can tailor the RFP creation process to organizational needs; 
4 the platform contains capability beyond above and beyond peers", "2258"), ("2259", "148", "Templates", "Does the tool support the creation of RFX/Surveys from configurable and customizable templates?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1 RFXS can be instantiated from templates; 
2 RFXs can be instantiated from a collection of template sections; 
3 RFXs can be instantiated from templates can be auto-selected based on industry category or other factors; 
4 the RFX instantiation capability from templates is beyond above and beyond peers", "2259"), ("2260", "148", "Template Library", "To what extent does the solution support a template library?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1 a pre-configured template library is supported; 
2 the buyer can define his or her own templates which can be organized by industry and/or categories and multiple versions based upon different specifications created; 
3 the templates support an integrated rules-based workflow which guide the user through the RFX creation
4 the template library is beyond above and beyond peers", "2260"), ("2261", "148", "Category", "Does the solution support the creation of templates by category and/or come with an extensive library of category templates?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1 templates by category are provided; 
2 the buyer can create templates by category; 
3 the templates can be integrated with should-cost models; 
4 capabilities beyond above and beyond peers", "2261"), ("2262", "148", "Industry", "Does the solution support the relation of templates by industry and/or come with an extensive library of category templates?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1 templates by industry are provide; 
2 the buyer can create templates by industry; 
3 the templates are integrated with should-cost models; 
4 capabilities beyond above and beyond peers", "2262"), ("2263", "148", "Weighting", "To what extent does the RFX tool support weighting?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1 a single weight for each factor; 
2 group based average weighting for each factor; 
3 variable weightings for each response based upon respondent expertise; 
4 capability beyond above and beyond peers", "2263"), ("2264", "148", "Optimization Backed", "Does the RFX integrate with an optimization platform or is it optimization backed (that allows for constraints to be taken into account during weightings)?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1 simple cost model integration; 
2 basic capacity constraint definition and support; 
3 full optimization model integration; 
4 capability beyond above and beyond peers", "2264"), ("2265", "148", "Multi-Party", "Does the RFX support multi-party evaluations with variable rankings?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1 multiple parties can weight, but only one response per section; 
2 multiple parties can rank all sections; 
3 variable rankings on each section across multiple parties; 
4 capability beyond above and beyond peers", "2265"), ("2266", "148", "Advanced Scoring", "Does the RFX support advanced scoring evaluation methodologies such as statistical, net promoter, on-target, and other methodologies?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1 basic statistical scoring; 
2 advanced functions for score definition; 
3 net promoter score; 
4 even more advanced scoring methodologies", "2266"), ("2267", "148", "Bulk Upload and Association", "Can the RFX tool support bulk upload and automatic association with suppliers, lots and line items using a standard naming convention?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1 bulk upload, manual mapping to lots/items; 
2 bulk upload, automatic mapping to lots/items based on a naming convention; 
3 bulk upload, automatic mapping and automatic verification; 
4 capability beyond above and beyond peers", "2267"), ("2268", "148", "CAD/CAM Visualization Support", "Can the RFX tool support CAD/CAM diagrams and allow them to be visualized within the tool?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1 CAD/CAM diagrams detected and associated, displayable in external tools; 
2 CAD/CAM diagrams detected and associated, viewable in internal viewer; 
3 CAD/CAM diagrams detected, and secured, for safe internal or external viewing; 
4 capability beyond above and beyond peers", "2268"), ("2269", "148", "Bill of Material Support", "Does the tool support bill of materials capabilities for direct sourcing? And can the bill of materials be imported from ERP/MRP solutions? Is the capability built on \"lots\" or is it separate from lots?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1 basic bill of material support, where bills of material can be grouped into lots; 
2 basic should cost model integration where the bill is a product or assembly and energy, labor, and overhead costs can be broken out; 
3 automatic cost population from market data, etc.
4 capability beyond above and beyond peers", "2269"), ("2270", "148", "ERP Integration (for Sourcing)", "Does the tool support ERP integration out-of-the-box (with ERP systems such as Oracle, SAP, JDE, etc.) for populating lots and bill of materials?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1 ERP integration for extracting SKUs and links, but BoMs need to be built/verified manually; 
2 complete BoMs can be imported, but prices need to be imported/defined separately; 
3 complete BoMs with most recent pricing can be pulled in, along with any associated component specification documents; 
4 capability beyond above and beyond peers", "2270"), ("2271", "148", "Multi-SKU Mapping", "Does the tool support multi-sku mapping and support the mapping of buyer SKUs to distinct supplier SKUs?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1 manual mapping of supplier SKUs to buyer SKUs; 
2 automatic mapping and designation of preferred SKUs; 
3 support for related and substitute SKUs; 
4 capability beyond above and beyond peers", "2271"), ("2272", "148", "Automatic Supplier Identification", "Does the tool support the appropriate identification of appropriate suppliers?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1 auto selection of previously invited suppliers; 
2 suggestion based on category/product and suppliers in the SIM module; 
3 smart network search based on industry, category, and/or product/service; 
4 capability beyond above and beyond peers", "2272"), ("2273", "148", "... from SIM", "Does the tool integrate with the organization\'s SIM solution for the identification of current and potential suppliers based upon the line items / bill of materials?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1 yes for selection of current/previous awarded suppliers; 
2 yes for suggestion of suppliers offering similar products/services and support for simple searches; 
3 yes for suggestion of suppliers with capabilities similar to those required for products/services and support for advanced searches; 
4 capability beyond above and beyond peers", "2273"), ("2274", "148", "... from Supplier Network", "Does the tool integrate with one or more external supplier network offerings that can be used to find new potential suppliers based upon the line items and/or bill of materials?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1 yes for simple search based on key words; 
2 for advanced search based on keywords, SKUs, capabilities; 
3 for multi-variate search and ranking based on complete BoM; 
4 capability beyond above and beyond peers", "2274"), ("2275", "148", "Bidding", "To what extent is bidding supported?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1 multi valued bid submissions only; 
2 simple formula-based bids using arithmetic operators; 
3 complex bids using functions and market data (if the supplier relies on 3rd party carriers or buys raw materials at market price); 
4 capability beyond above and beyond peers", "2275"), ("2276", "148", "Open, Blind, or Closed", "Does the tool support multiple types of bidding, including open, blind, or closed bids?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1 single mode bidding across the entire event; 
2 selection of mode by lot, sub-event; 
3 multi-modal interactive real-time displays that can compare bids across previous events by bid type; 
4 capability beyond above and beyond peers", "2276"), ("2277", "148", "Multiple Offers Per Line", "Does the tool support multiple offers per line item from the same supplier? To what extent?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1 one offer, but the supplier can indicate preferred or alternate product; 
2 two offers, one preferred, one alternate; 
3 multiple offers, one preferred, multiple alternates with a feature comparison matrix; 
4 capability beyond above and beyond peers", "2277"), ("2278", "148", "Rapid Execution", "Does your platform support any form of quick / rapid fire / simple RFX?  If so, describe.", "** scored against peers ** ", "2278"), ("2279", "149", "Alternate Offer Comparison Matrix", "How sophisticated is the built in capability for comparing alternative offers?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. the buyer has to choose one offer for evaluation purposes
2. the buyer can choose two offers and the users can evaluate requested / primary products against alternates
3. the system can automatically choose the best offer for each item in every lot using a feature comparison matrix
4. capability beyond above and beyond peers", "2279"), ("2280", "149", "Multi-Party Support", "How extensible is the multi-party evaluation -- can it be configured on a section by section basis?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1 multi-party supported, but all stakeholders can evaluate all sections and overwrite all evaluations; 
2 multi-party supported, and each party can be limited to a single section, and evaluations are averaged; 
3 parties can be restricted to individual elements, evaluations are weighted by authority, and all responses can be analyzed/plotted (and outliers marked or removed); 
4 capability beyond above and beyond peers", "2280"), ("2281", "149", "Each Field Single or Multi-User Rank", "Can the weighting algorithms be configured to allow a variable number of users to rank each section and field?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1 yes, but each field is equally weighted across participants; 
2 yes, and each field can be differently weighted for each participant; 
3, yes, and complex scorings (including statistical, net promoter, etc.) can be used; 
4 capability beyond above and beyond peers", "2281"), ("2282", "149", "Side-by-Side Comparison", "To what extent are configurable side-by-side comparisons supported in the tool?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1 simple tabular; 
2 graphical displays; 
3 advanced statistical/outlier/constrained analysis; 
4 capability beyond above and beyond peers", "2282"), ("2283", "150", "Pause, Edit, Re-Issue", "Can buyers pause, edit, and re-issue RFXs and / or partial RFXs during an event if one or more issues are detected?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1 pause / extend only; 
2 edit and complete re-issue with notification of changes; 
3 edit and partial reissue of changes only; 
4 capability beyond above and beyond peers", "2283"), ("2284", "150", "Multi-Round Support", "Does the tool support the easy creation of multiple-round RFXs?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1 yes, and the new round can be populated with the results of the previous round; 
2 yes, and suppliers can be added or not, reasons tracked, and feedback given; 
3 yes, and lots, items, requirements updated with full auditing and highlights of changes for suppliers
4 capability beyond above and beyond peers", "2284"), ("2285", "150", "Automation", "What built-in support is there for multi-round RFX automation?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1 when a round is marked as complete, the next round is started and automatically populated
2 rules can be defined to accept submissions, identify when tasks are complete, and automatically end and start rounds
3. (hybrid) AI can be used to fill in missing data from previous events or 3rd party sources, verify unusual submissions, add or remove suppliers or bids from round to round, etc.
4. capability beyond above and beyond peers", "2285"), ("2286", "150", "Blending", "If auction capability is supported, how seamlessly integrated is the auction capability?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. RFX can initialize auction data and vice-versa
2. RFX rounds can be flipped into auction rounds and vice versa
3. hybrid-AI can guide the process and help set the right parameters and automate most of  the process
4. capability beyond above and beyond peers", "2286"), ("2287", "150", "Linking", "What built-in support is there for linking RFX rounds and RFXs in total?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. RFXs can link back to previous RFXs on the same categories/products/services
2. RFXs can link back and the user can pull forward data of choice
3. RFXs can be blended into a category continuum with months or years between rounds, associated contracts that define awards, and an available supplier pool that changes with time
4. capability beyond above and beyond peers", "2287"), ("2288", "150", "Automation Roadmap", "Please describe your RFX automation roadmap.", "** scored against peers ** ", "2288"), ("2289", "151", "Out-of-the-Box Auction Formats", "There are a number of types of auctions: Dutch, Yankee, Japanese, etc. How many are supported out of the box?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1 just a basic reverse auction with a number of configurable parameters; 
2 just the big ones - English, Dutch, and Yankee; 
3 all of the standard auction types with every associated configuration option; 
4 all of the above plus constraints and optimization backing; 
5 backed up with quantum computing for super-fast feedback", "2289"), ("2290", "151", "Configuration Options", "What degree of configuration is available for each auction? Floors, ceiling, minimum increments, blind, ranked, open? Describe in detail.", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1 ceilings, floors, increments, visibility, minimum time delay, and  auto extension; 
2 supplier restriction to lots/items, forced proxy definition (in case lead supplier bidder disconnected); 
3 settings can be tailored to each individual lot, and lots can be run in sequence or parallel, 
4 capability beyond above and beyond peers", "2290"), ("2291", "151", "Saved Market Baskets", "Can auctions be quickly instantiated from saved market baskets of items and lots that are re-sourced on a regular basis?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1 previous auctions can be copied and formal basket templates can be created; 
2 basket templates can be created and starting bids defined from previous bids, market prices, or formula that takes both into account; 
3 (Hybrid) AI with Rules can initiate auctions for needed products / services based upon similar events in the past (when SKUs are retired, needs change, etc.)
4 capability beyond above and beyond peers", "2291"), ("2292", "151", "RFX Integration", "Does the auction integrate with the RFX for initial population?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1 yes for the identification of lots and suppliers; 
2 yes and all relevant data can be pulled in; 
3 yes and capacity constraints, restrictions, and other configuration parameters can be auto-set from RFX responses; 
4 capability beyond above and beyond peers", "2292"), ("2293", "151", "Real-Time Control Mechanisms", "What degree of control is available once the auction begins? Can it be paused if issues are detected? Can bidding privileges automatically be switched from primary to proxy bidders if a connection is lost? Describe in detail.", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1 limited, manual pause and restart only; 
2 decent, automatic pause if too many bidders drop or don\'t show up; proxy bidders can take control if primary bidder not logged on or responsive for more than 2 minutes; 
3 extensive, control is at the individual lot level, and individual suppliers can be banned in real time (for not following the rules); 
4  capability beyond above and beyond peers", "2293"), ("2294", "151", "Proxy Support", "How powerful and configurable is the proxy support? Can the suppliers define their own proxies and prevent buyers from changing bids without their express permission?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1 limited, buyers can define primary and back-up bidders; 
2 decent, suppliers can define primary and back-up bidders; 
3 advanced, this can be done on a lot and item basis and can prevent buyers from making any changes through appropriate, highly secure, settings; 
4 would include capability beyond which is previously addressed (but including 1-3)", "2294"), ("2295", "151", "Messaging", "To what extent is real-time messaging supported during the auction?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1 real-time two-way forum communication; 
2 advanced forum and direct messaging support with live help guides and alerts to potential issues; 
3 (Hybrid) AI & Conversational Systems integration to guide both parties in real time
4 capability beyond above and beyond peers", "2295"), ("2296", "151", "Real-Time Monitoring", "How powerful is the real-time monitoring? Can it detect when bidders are dropped, when bidders are bidding too fast (and might be represented by prohibited bots), when their might be security issues, alert he buyers, and allow the auction to be paused if necessary?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1 limited, can only track logins and last bid time; 
2 decent, can detect delays/drops and switch to proxy bidders; 
3 advanced and can detect too much activity (which could indicate suppliers using bots or auction hacked), too little activity, abnormal bids (which could indicate a supplier might not understand the process); 
4 capability beyond above and beyond peers", "2296"), ("2297", "151", "Integrated Optimization Capability", "Is the auction tool integrated with optimization to allow for real-time constraint based optimization?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1 yes but model is limited to unconstrained cost optimization among product providers and carriers; 
2 yes and the model can support capacity constraints and award limits; 
3 yes and the integration is complete and supports costs, all constraints, and advanced formula in the bid calculations / rankings; 
4 capabilities beyond above and beyond peers", "2297"), ("2298", "151", "Automatic Supplier Identification/Invitation", "Does the tool integrate with the SIM module and/or supplier networks for the automatic identification of suppliers who should be invited to bid?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1 auto selection of previously invited suppliers; 
2 supplier suggestion based on category/product and known suppliers in the SIM module / integrated supplier network; 
3 smart network search based on industry, category, and/or product/service; 
4 capability beyond above and beyond peers", "2298"), ("2299", "151", "Auction Automation", "Please describe your auction automation roadmap. ", "** scored against peers **", "2299"), ("2300", "152", "Solid Mathematical Foundations", "What is the foundation of the solver? Is it a sound and complete MILP solver that is guaranteed to find an optimal answer if sufficient time is given? Is it an evolutionary algorithm that is likely to find a great answer but not complete? Is it a hybrid approach that can augment branch-and-bound / decomposition MILP with a technique that quickly finds good starting solutions?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1 evolutionary, monte carlo, tableau, or non (MI) LP solver or home-grown algorithm
2 LP with home-grown rounding/hybrid algorithms for allocation of discrete units; 
3 true MILP with powerful branch and bound that can use parallel processing and other optimization techniques to quickly find starting solutions
4 capabilities beyond above and beyond peers", "2300"), ("2301", "152", "True Cost Modelling", "Does the solution support true cost modelling? In other words, can the buyer define any and all cost components that are part of the lifecycle cost model, and not a fixed set of cost components combined in a pre-defined cost formula?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1 the buyer can define as many discrete cost components as she wants but they all roll up into one cost; 
2 the buyer can define as many cost components as she wants and they are all treated separately with their own additive or multiplicative formulas that allow their own discounts and constraints; 
3 the buyer can define as many cost components as she wants using advanced mathematical functions and non-circular ; interdependencies; 
4 capability beyond above and beyond peers", "2301"), ("2302", "152", "What If? Capability", "Can it support the creation of unlimited what-if scenarios?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1 yes, and scenarios can be instantiated as copies of current scenarios; 
2 yes, and scenarios can be instantiated as modified copies of current using one or more pre-defined rules (unconstrained, 3 suppliers, etc.); 
3 yes, and scenarios can be automatically instantiated for comparative purposes using (hybrid) AI
4 capability beyond above and beyond peers", "2302"), ("2303", "152", "Out-of-the-Box", "Does it support automatic creation of a suite of basic minimum cost, maximum supplier, minimum geographic risk, and other out of the box scenarios that are automatically created and allocated?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1 a default set of typically evaluated scenarios (3 suppliers, 20/30/50 splits on products, incumbents only, local sourcing); 
2 a custom set of defaults defined by the user from organizational defaults that are based on provider templates; 
3 a dynamically defined set of scenarios using (hybrid) AI, business goals and rules that are custom generated for every event
4 capability beyond above and beyond peers", "2303"), ("2304", "152", "Scenario Comparison", "How powerful is the scenario comparison capability?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1 simple side-by-side award comparison by line item; 
2 comparison cube that allows views by product, supplier, location, or any other base or derived dimension(s) of interest; 
3 difference calculations that indicate constraint relaxations that could yield lower costs with minimal impacts on established goals as well as automatic outlier awards (due to constraints); 
4 capability beyond above and beyond peers", "2304"), ("2305", "152", "Model Templates", "Does the optimization capability support the creation of advanced model templates that can be used to instantiate a new optimization event?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1 yes, but primarily cost model templates with limited support for high-level capacity/allocation/risk-mitigation constraints can be defined (such as unique supplier limits, buyer warehouse capacities, lane capacity, award splits, etc.); 
2 yes, and the user can specify all types of hard and soft constraints at the meta level (that can be applied across entities with relaxation limits and preferred visualizations upon solution; 
3 yes, and the user can specify business rules or the use of (hybrid) AI that can automatically customize the template to the event upon selection 
4 capability beyond above and beyond peers", "2305"), ("2306", "152", "RFX/Auction Integration", "Does the optimization engine integrate with RFX and/or Auctions to allow for initial population of the optimization model?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1 yes, data can be pulled in and results pushed back; 
2 yes, and the optimizer runs behind the scene; 
3 yes, and the user can switch between RFX/Auction and back-end optimizer views for sensitivity analysis and constraint relaxation to make the model feasible; 
4 capability beyond above and beyond peers", "2306"), ("2307", "152", "Scalability", "How does the optimization solution scale up? How big can models get before the exponential solver slow down becomes noticeable?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1 low-cost solver, noticeable moderate to high performance degradation as model size increases linearly; 
2 best-in-class solver (like Cplex, Xpress, etc.) optimized for the typical model types, and comparable with most leading solutions on the market; 
3 custom tailored solver solution built on one or more best-in-class solvers that selects the right solver and settings for each type of model the organization runs, tailoring the settings for maximum performance over time
4 capability beyond above and beyond peers, which must include the integration of (hybrid) AI that can dynamically select and guide the right set of (hybrid) techniques for maximum performance", "2307"), ("2308", "152", "Optimization UX", "Please describe unique aspects of your optimization user experience and how it surpasses peers.", "** scored against peers ** ", "2308"), ("2309", "153", "Capacity", "Can it support capacity constraints that define minimums and/or maximums on each product, location, lane, etc. so that all allocation models are feasible (and respectful of hard business constraints)?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1 basic, fixed, capacity constraints that can limit buy-side and sell-side capacity by a fixed combination of dimensions (such as supplier-product, supplier-product-location, etc.)
2 configurable capacity limits on any set of relevant model dimensions (supplier, ship from, product, ship to, lane, carrier); 
3 dynamic capacity limits that can adjust based upon interdependent capacity requirements, soft constraints, and model sensitivity
4 capability beyond above and beyond peers", "2309"), ("2310", "153", "Allocation", "Can it support minimum or maximum allocation requirements that take into account existing contracts or acquisition requirements from strategic suppliers?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1 fixed or per percentage allocation by supplier, supplier-product, geographic location, or other pre-defined entity-relationship; 
2 ranged allocations based upon business rules, supplier capacities, and warehouse limits that can be defined on buyer defined model dimensions; 
3 dynamic allocation limits that can take into  account interdependent allocation requirements, soft constraints, and model sensitivity
4  capability beyond above and beyond peers", "2310"), ("2311", "153", "Risk Mitigation", "Can it support risk mitigation constraints which insure that a maximum allocation is given to a certain supplier (set), geography, etc. and that allocations are split in accordance with corporate risk mitigation objectives?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1 fixed and percentage-based minimums and maximums to predefined supplier and/or ship-from/ship-to set (that can use tags to define sets of interest); 
2 more advanced multi-way splits (20/30/50), ranges, and allocations across multiple requirements; 
3 dynamic risk mitigation constraints that can take into account inter-related and inter-dependent / partially conflicting constraints, soft constraints, and model sensitivity 
4 capability beyond above and beyond peers", "2311"), ("2312", "153", "Qualitative", "Can it support qualitative constraints that insure the minimum or average or weighted award meets a certain qualitative requirement (such as defect rate, average lifetime, etc.)?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1 weighted or formula-transformed average limits; 
2 multi-objective balancing across related qualitative factors; 
3 dynamic, inter-related, qualitative constraints that can take into account and balance partial conflicts,  soft constraints, and sensitivity analysis
4 would include capability beyond which is previously addressed (but including 1-3)", "2312"), ("2313", "153", "Constraint Relaxation", "Does it support the creation of what-if scenarios by (automatically) relaxing one or more potentially limiting constraints that prevents a scenario from being solved or that has been determined to be increasing the cost by more than a minimum percentage?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1 yes, but only capacity and allocation detected to be prohibiting a solution and only according to pre-defined rules or random selection; 
3, yes all constraints that are preventing solution at the present time (even if the removal of a subset might be sufficient) using a set of heuristics and knowledge-based rules;
3 ... and hybrid AI to detect minimally unsatisfiable sets, predict which have  the biggest impact on unsatisfiability or cost, and define a set of what-if relaxation scenarios
4 capability beyond above and beyond peers", "2313"), ("2314", "153", "Sensitivity Analysis", "Does the optimization engine support sensitivity analysis?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1 yes, but hard limit constraint identification only; 
2 yes, and all hard and soft constraints preventing and limiting a solution can be  identified; 
3 yes, and suggestions as to the constraint relaxations that would have the maximum positive benefit to the objective function can be identified; 
4 capability beyond which is previously addressed (but including 1-3)", "2314"), ("2315", "153", "Hard Constraint Identification", "Can it identify all of the \"hard\" constraints that are preventing the solver from finding a lower cost solution and the approximate degree or potential range to which they are limiting the solution?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1 yes, but hard limit constraints preventing a solution only; 
2 yes, and all limiting constraints, whether hard or soft, preventing a solution can be found; 
3 yes, and required relaxations to allow solvability computed and presented; 
4 capability beyond above and beyond peers which (must) include strong integration with auto-what-if scenario generation that can auto create different solvable scenario variations for comparative analysis", "2315"), ("2316", "153", "Soft Constraint Support", "Can the tool support the creation of soft constraints that can be relaxed to allow an unsolvable model to otherwise solve and can the constraints be relaxed more if the relaxation would save more than the relaxation would cost?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1 yes, but only capacity/allocation constraints can be defined soft; 
2 yes, and all constraints can be defined soft; 
3 yes, and the negative impact of all soft constraints restricting the solution is analyzed and presented; 
4 yes, and capability beyond above and beyond peers", "2316"), ("2317", "154", "Custom Freight Models", "Does the solution support custom freight(-only) and lane analysis models?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1 yes, but they must all be custom built
2 yes, and there are separate models for each type of transport (air, truck, rail, and sea)
3 yes, and standard multi-modal models are supported out-of-the-box for global sourcing
4 yes, and the vendor can customize these for the client in a rapid manner for their particular multi-modal needs", "2317"), ("2318", "154", "Modal Cost Models", "Does the solution contain extra support for the definition of accurate transportation models?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1 yes, but the cost models for each mode need to be manually defined
2 yes, and the standard cost models for each major modal type (air, truck, rail, and ocean)  with standard quote types (FTL vs LTL; full container vs pallet; etc.) are all built in
3 yes, and standard cost models for multi-modal with loading fees, cross-docking fees, intermediate storage fees, etc. are all built in
4 capability beyond above and beyond peers", "2318"), ("2319", "154", "Freight Rate Databases", "Does the solution support standard freight quote tables that can be populated by carriers or other buyers based on contracts for auto-model population?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1 yes, but only one table per carrier and mode type
2 yes, and multiple tables per carrier and mode type indexed by contract id, quote id, and/or what-if id
3 yes, and tables can also be populated from services such as FreightOS, DirectFreight, and broker and/or third party exchange sites
4 capability beyond above and beyond peers", "2319"), ("2320", "154", "Built-in Freight Category Support", "Does the solution natively understand and support multiple freight categories such as dry, liquid, frozen, gas, hazardous, etc.?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1 yes, but each  must be defined separately (and cost models updated manually)
2 yes, and it also supports multiple versions of freight and cost models for each type of freight category
3 yes, and typical multi-modal models are also available out of the box
4 capability beyond above and beyond peers", "2320"), ("2321", "154", "Specialized What-if Scenarios for Supply Base Optimization", "Does the solution natively support the construction of specialized models to support optimization of the supply base / distribution network in such a way as to minimize total freight cost and inventory carrying cost?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1 yes, but models have to be manually built
2 yes, and some standard template models are available out of the box
3 yes, and templates with deep inventory cost modelling are available out of the box
4 yes, and there is capability beyond above and beyond peers", "2321"), ("2322", "155", "ETL for Key Metrics", "Does the tool support the import of key metrics for contract / award performance management from external tools?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1 yes, from flat-files; 
2 yes, with API integration; 
3 yes, with out-of-the-box support for best-of-breed ERP and SRM platforms; 
4 would include capability beyond which is previously addressed (but including 1-3)", "2322"), ("2323", "155", "RFX/Survey Integration", "Does the tool integrate RFX/Survey capability with the performance tracking capability that allows for the team to provide feedback on more subjective metrics?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1 yes, summary scores can be imported; 
2 yes, and surveys can be created within performance tracking or RFX; 
3, yes and qualitative responses can be tracked and analyzed with sentiment analysis; 
4 would include capability beyond which is previously addressed (but including 1-3)", "2323"), ("2324", "155", "Scorecards", "To what extent does the tool support scorecards?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1 scorecards can be created and automatically populated from surveys; 
2 scorecards can be augmented with imported data; 
3 scorecards can be automatically updated on a regular (e.g. quarterly) basis and trends tracked over time (with complete history available); 
4 would include capability beyond which is previously addressed (but including 1-3)", "2324"), ("2325", "155", "Out-of-the-Box Scorecards", "Are there a number of scorecards that are available out of the box? Preferably built on best-practice, actionable, KPIs?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1 basic templates by industry/category are available out of the box; 
2 configurable templates that can be automatically populated from survey and imported data are available out of the box; 
3 they can be programmed to automatically update over time using formula or KPI modifications more meaningful to the company; 
4 would include capability beyond which is previously addressed (but including 1-3)", "2325"), ("2326", "155", "Finance Integration", "Does the tool integrate with one or more Finance platforms for extrication of budget and spend to date?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1 flat-file integration; 
2 standard AP/ERP integration through APIs; 
3 real-time integration with daily update of budget and spend; 
4 would include capability beyond which is previously addressed (but including 1-3)", "2326"), ("2327", "155", "Demand Management", "Does the platform contain any capability to support demand management?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1 weekly/monthly demand projection import; 
2 tracking of projection against demand; 
3 prescriptive analytics via standard demand control strategies associated with the category; 
4 would include capability beyond which is previously addressed (but including 1-3)", "2327"), ("2328", "155", "Unique Execution Management Capabilities", "Please define any unique execution management capabilities supported by your platform. ", "** Scored Against Peers ** ", "2328"), ("2329", "155", "Execution Management Roadmap", "Please define your execution management roadmap. ", "** Scored Against Peers ** ", "2329"), ("2330", "156", "Award Export", "Does the platform support export of awards into a CLM solution?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. awards can be exported to a fixed csv or XML format 
2. the system can load a CLM supported format definition in Excel or an XML schema and the buying organization can map system award format to CLM award format
3. the system is already integrated with multiple leading CLM solutions through their native APIs for award export
4. capability beyond above and beyond peers", "2330"), ("2331", "156", "Agreement Support", "Does the platform support standard agreements that must be agreed to for sourcing event participation that will later become part of a master agreement?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. yes, and agreements can be attached as PDFs or other locked file formats and signed versions can be exported to the CLM if the supplier wins an award
2. agreements can be built from survey forms and exported in multiple formats to a CLM solution if the supplier wins an award
3. agreements can be dynamically imported from the CLM and presented to the supplier for signing for export to the CLM
4. capability beyond above and beyond peers", "2331"), ("2332", "156", "Clause Support", "Does the platform support import / export of standard clauses that must be agreed to by suppliers as part of participation in the sourcing process?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. yes, using survey form functionality, but there is no way to associate multiple versions of a clause
2. yes, and added functionality allows multiple forms of a clause to be stored and differentiated based on metadata that might include geography, category, etc.
3. yes, and the clauses can be dynamically imported and stored from the CLM through an API based upon multiple factors and real-time supplier responses
4. capability beyond above and beyond peers", "2332"), ("2333", "156", "Word Integration", "Does the solution integrate with Microsoft Word to enable both parties to build and edit documents within Microsoft, but with full security and version tracking?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1 = agreements can be stored and loaded in .doc and .docx format
2 = basic word integration which allows change history to be pulled out of versions and redlining support
3 = word is \"embedded\" in the platform and the viewer/editor can switch from Word to the application (and see the status in the Word viewer) and back again and the user can even push data from Word to the platform (clauses, supplier data, updated price lists etc.) during contract creation
4 = would include capability beyond which is previously addressed (but including 1-3)", "2333"), ("2334", "156", "Excel Integration", "Does the solution integrate with Microsoft Excel to enable both parties to build and edit sheets within Microsoft Excel for award tracking and price agreements when there are volume discounts or rebates, bill of materials, etc?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. full bid and award data can be exported to Excel in a predefined format
2. full bid and award data can be exported to Excel, edited, and loaded back in to form a final award scenario in a predefined format
3. the format is flexible and mappings can be done within the sheet or the tool
4. capability beyond above and beyond peers", "2334"), ("2335", "156", "Metadata Support", "Does the solution support metadata to help tag appropriate award data, supplier data, agreement data, etc. for a CLM solution?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. yes, a fixed set of fields are defined
2. yes, and the system supports user definition of appropriate metadata fields
3. yes, and (hybrid) AI can absorb the contract model used by the CLM and generate appropriate metadata fields that need to be tracked and auto-populate them from a potential award
4. capability beyond above and beyond peers", "2335"), ("2336", "157", "Supplier (Pre) Registration", "To what degree does the platform support supplier (pre) registration? This is including, but not limited to invitation management, self-registration, and SIC support. For example, can profiles be imported from supplier networks, expressions of interest be submitted to general category calls, and the system pre-loaded with supplier records from other enterprise systems?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. a supplier can initiate interest and fill out a basic profile
2. a supplier can link their network profiles
3. hybrid AI can search integrated networks and 3P data feeds and pre-build profiles for review
4. capability beyond above and beyond peers", "2336"), ("2337", "157", "Self-Registration", "Does the platform support, and how extensible is, the supplier self-registration process? Does it support conditional workflows that lead the supplier down the appropriate paths to capture the relevant information, documentation, certifications, and customer/industry references?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. suppliers can fill out fixed forms
2. suppliers are walked through gated, branching, workflows that capture all of the required data relevant to their industry, category, and geography
3. the workflows capture needed insurance certificates, regulatory certifications, and related documents, automatically extracts the meta-data, and queues the (meta) data up for (mandatory) system or human verification
4. capability beyond above and beyond peers", "2337"), ("2338", "157", "On-Boarding Automation", "What degree of on-boarding automation is supported by the platform?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. simple no-go / go stop rules can be embedded in the workflow
2. advanced rules that allow the workflow to be automated if values are in tolerances, which can shift based on up-to-date supplier (risk) ratings and third party qualifications
3. integrated ML that can adjust tolerances in real time and automate as much as possible in supplier onboarding and verification
4. capability beyond above and beyond peers", "2338"), ("2339", "157", "Integrated Off-Line Reach Out (phone, fax)", "Does the platform support reach-out beyond traditional e-mail? Is there social network integration, (e-)fax integration, and/or phone integration?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. the system allows a relationship manager to note when faxes, phone calls, or social media reach outs were made
2. the system supports reach-out to suppliers (and representatives) through major social media networks (LinkedIn, Twitter, Facebook, Weibo, QQ, Vkontakte, etc.)
3. the system supports integrated fax and VOIP reach-outs
4. capabilities beyond above and beyond peers", "2339"), ("2340", "157", "Auto Document Identification & Verification", "To what degree can documents be automatically identified and validated by the platform? For example, can insurance documents be automatically detected, verified for validity, inspected for inclusion of mandatory clauses, etc.?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. OCR can be used to extract metadata
2. Semantic analysis can be used to determine if the appropriate clauses or necessary signatories are included
3. extracted data can be compared to third party databases to validate anything that can be automatically validated (such as tax numbers, IDs, certifications, ratings, etc.)
4. capability beyond above and beyond peers", "2340"), ("2341", "157", "Entity Core Data", "How extensive is the out-of-the-box support for entity core data -- locations, financial, structure, personnel, industry profiles, category profiles, etc. etc. etc.?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. supplier identifiers, headquarters, industry codes, category codes, primary reps
2. banking information, organizational hierarchy, international offices, plant and warehouse locations
3. employee and contractor data, company and employee certifications, risk and CSR profile data, community intelligence
4. core data beyond above and beyond peers", "2341"), ("2342", "157", "Financial Data / ACH Integration", "How extensive is the support for financial data tracking and is the system capable of integrating with ACH systems to manage payments and transfers?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. banking information for ACH / wires
2. push to 3rd party AP/Finance systems that integrate with banking systems
3. direct integration with banking systems for ACH, wires, and other e-Payments
4. capability beyond above and beyond peers", "2342"), ("2343", "157", "Certificates / Insurance", "Is there extra built-in capability for certification and insurance document management, which organizations need to confirm and be on top off to meet risk and regulatory requirements?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. separate repository or tagging system
2. special libraries for document parsing,  metadata extraction, and semantic analysis customized for certifications and insurance management
3. integration with a number of databases for automatic verification of details (to the extent possible)
4. capability beyond above and beyond peers", "2343"), ("2344", "157", "Ratings & Preferred Suppliers", "How fine-grained is the capability for user ratings and preferred supplier annotations?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. the system supports user ratings and preferred supplier designations at a global level
2. the system supports user ratings and preferred suppliers at the category level
3. (hybrid) AI that collects user ratings and community intelligence and recommends preferred suppliers at a global, category, and product level
4. capability beyond above and beyond peers", "2344"), ("2345", "157", "Approvals", "How fine grained is the supplier / catalog item approval capability in the system?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. the system supports single  approval chains
2. the system supports parallel, bifurcated, approval chains that permit substitution and overrides
3. the system supports auto-approval rules and (hybrid) AI that can determine when an approval is sufficient or can be waived in an unusual circumstance
4. capability beyond above and beyond peers", "2345"), ("2346", "157", "Supplier Information (industry codes)", "Please describe the depth of out-of-the-box support for supplier information management by industry against standard, global, industry codes", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. Just standard industry codes for the buyer\'s home country
2. multiple cross-correlated NAICS & SIC codes for supplier information management
3. ... augmented with custom schemas and cross referencing
4. capability beyond above and beyond peers", "2346"), ("2347", "157", "Product / Service Information (e.g., UNSPSC)", "Please describe the depth of out-of-the-box support for standard product codes including, but not limited to, UNSPSC, H(T)S, etc.", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. just UNSPSC
2. global H(T)S codes, cross-correlated with UNSPSC
3. ... augmented with custom schemas and cross referencing
4. capability beyond above and beyond peers", "2347"), ("2348", "157", "Monitoring-Thresholds", "What level of data monitoring is included in the SXM application,  how is it integrated with the scorecards and benchmarking, and to what extent can it be checked against thresholds?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. data is checked on a pre-programmed interval against thresholds 
2. data is checked against thresholds on every update
3. (hybrid) AI determines when data should be updated and checks run against threshold
4. capability beyond above and beyond peers", "2348"), ("2349", "157", "Monitoring-Recency", "What level of data monitoring is included in the SXM application,  how is it integrated with the scorecards and benchmarking, and how often is it checked for refresh/update?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. data is checked on a pre-programmed interval for recent updates / verifications
2. data is checked for recency on every update from the data\'s source
3. (hybrid) AI determines when values should be checked (and threshold checks re-run on update)
4. capability beyond above and beyond peers", "2349"), ("2350", "157", "Integrations", "Describe typical (and atypical) system integration options. Describe how the platform and service provider handles multiple instances. For example, if an organization has multiple ERPs but wants a shared Procurement/Sourcing/Analytics/etc. deployment, do you typically deploy a single instance of your software for them, or typically multiple instances? Describe any integrations not addressed below.", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. default integrations to ERP, S2P have to be  manually connected
2. default integrations to ERP and two or three major S2P platforms, other systems have to be manually connected
3. default integrations to ERP and S2P, and other enterprise systems have to be manually connected
4. capabilities beyond above and beyond peers", "2350"), ("2351", "157", "Network Data Model", "What (if any) is the network component of the offering? Is their many-to-many profile and data model support? Can a supplier be a buyer in the system under the same profile information?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. a supplier can be a buyer, but that\'s it
2. system supports graph models that allow many-to-many supplier-buyer relationships between all system participants
3. system supports a full network data model that can also track second and third tier suppliers 
4. capability beyond above and beyond peers", "2351"), ("2352", "157", "Multi-Tier", "If not already covered elsewhere in your submission, please describe your support for multi-tier data gathering and data management. Does the data model natively support multi-tier data gathering and management requirements? If so, is this limited to specific areas (e.g., supplier diversity) or is it broadly extensible?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. second and third tier suppliers can be identified and data correlated with them
2. second and third tier suppliers, once identified, can be invited to input requested data natively
3. (hybrid) AI can automatically identify second and third tier suppliers, automatically invite them and automatically request the appropriate data for supply chain initiatives
4. capability beyond above and beyond peers", "2352"), ("2353", "157", "SIM / SPM / SRM Configurability - Finance", "To what extent does the platform support encoding and monitoring of financial information?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. Basic accounting structures and org hierarchies can be configured
2. Budget periods, payment terms, and budget categories can be configured
3. (Hybrid) AI can recommend changes to budgets, categories, and term configurations based upon changing spend patterns
4. capabilities beyond above and beyond peers", "2353"), ("2354", "157", "SIM / SPM / SRM Configurability - Forms", "To what extent can the integrated forms be modified and maintained to suit organizational needs?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. the look and feel of the forms can be modified
2. forms can be modified to display differently to different suppliers based upon supplier, industry, category, or geography
3. (hybrid) AI can modify the display depending upon what data is required, recently updated, etc. so that the supplier\'s attention is focused on the right data
4. capability beyond above and beyond peers", "2354"), ("2355", "157", "SIM / SPM / SRM Configurability - Process Support", "Describe your approach to customized SIM/SPM/SRM process configuration as well as both basic and advanced workflow configuration (based upon an evaluation of the strategic nature of the relationship, the dollars involved, the industry, and/or regulatory controls that need to be adhered to)? Approaches could be based on users, departments, commodities, roles, content groups, approval steps, delegated approvals, units of measure, custom fields, accounts, chart of accounts, invoice tolerances, receiving tolerances, budget periods, payment terms, etc. Describe if there is a limit to the number of configurations included (e.g., # of fields, forms etc.). If so, what is the limit? Describe how your solution supports both single and multiple categorizations and/or accounting structures. Describe the process for configuring custom fields/web forms (What are the limitations/constraints in terms of what can be enabled?)", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. process configuration is limited to user roles
2. process configuration can be done by user role, department, supplier category, or there well defined entity type 
3. (hybrid) AI can automatically create (starting) custom processes that interleave template starting process flows by user role, department, supplier category, and other entity types 
4. capability beyond above and beyond peers", "2355"), ("2356", "157", "SPM / SRM UX", "Describe the typical user experience of a supplier account manager in managing a supplier relationship on a day-to-day basis?", "** scored against peers ** ", "2356"), ("2357", "158", "Challenge Definition", "What kind of support is included for the definition of innovation challenges? Is it just push a request, pull some responses? A collaborative forum? The ability to break it up and possibly award different steps of a challenge to multiple parties?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. relationship managers can issue a simple challenge definition (as an attachment) and suppliers can submit responses as attachments
2. a buying team can define challenges collaboratively supplier teams can build responses collaboratively
3. challenges can be instantiated based upon bill of materials / product requirements brought in from ERP/MRP systems
4. capability beyond above and beyond peers", "2357"), ("2358", "158", "Challenge Management", "What kind of support is included for the management of innovation challenges?  Is it basic surveys?  Task-based workflows?  Is it workflow supported?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. challenges are simple request / response surveys with attachments
2. challenges are task-based workflows with gated approvals 
3. (hybrid) AI & rules-based workflows guide both parties through the process and indicate when information is missing or needed
4. capability beyond above and beyond pees", "2358"), ("2359", "158", "Unsolicited Idea Management", "Can suppliers contribute ideas unsolicited? How are these ideas managed to make sure no good idea slips through the cracks? Can they be turned into challenges if they are the start, but not the end, of a need, possibly as a three-way collaboration project (that could result in a joint award)?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. suppliers can send messages to buyers, but that\'s it
2. suppliers can log into the challenge portal, submit ideas, associated them with categories (and even products), and review buyer responses
3. ideas can be flipped into challenges and detailed task-based workflows created
4. capabilities beyond above and beyond peers", "2359"), ("2360", "158", "Review and Decision Support", "What level of review and decision support is included? Are multi-level approvals supported? Can the buying team work collaboratively? Can the suppliers provide feedback at appropriate points?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. relationship manager can review and record decisions
2. the buying team can review challenges, comment and rate as a team
3. advanced collaborative scoring, approval flows, and workflows for further input can be utilized
4. capabilities beyond above and beyond peers", "2360"), ("2361", "158", "Supplier UX", "Describe the typical supplier user experience.", "** scored against peers **", "2361"), ("2362", "159", "Product Management", "How extensible is the product management capability? Is it limited to bill of material definition or can it be used to define should cost models, alternative designs, and real-time market data tracking?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. the platform can support bill of materials
2. the platform can support bill of materials with integrated should cost models
3. the platform can also support integrated challenge management
4. capability beyond above and beyond peers", "2362"), ("2363", "159", "BoM Management", "How extensible is the bill of material capability? Is it a basic component definition or can it support extensive multi-level bill of material definition that includes modelling support at each and every level of a multi-level bill of materials from an engine all the way down to a screw?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. the platform can support stand alone bill of materials associated with a product
2. the platform supports multi-level bill of materials 3. the platform supports multi-level bill of materials which can be cross-linked on common components and allow for identification of needs across components and selected suppliers
4. capability beyond above and beyond peers", "2363"), ("2364", "159", "Innovation Integration", "To what extent is NPD/NPI integrated into innovation management? Is it a basic push/pull or is there extensive integration that allows for innovation to be launched from and spark each stage of NPD/NPI?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. the platform can pull in specifications for a new product and associated bill of materials (in progress)
2. the platform can launch a NPD/NPI initiative, use the challenge management and survey functionality, pull information in, and push information out
3. (hybrid) AI / rules based workflows guide users through the innovation process using templates
4. capability beyond above and beyond peers", "2364"), ("2365", "159", "Process Management", "To what extent is process management supported in the platform? Is it basic task definition or integrated NPD/NPI project management?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. NPD/NPI project can be defined, but no real task management
2. integrated project and task management capability 
3. custom templates and best practice logic are embedded in the platform out-of-the-box
4. capability beyond above and beyond peers", "2365"), ("2366", "159", "Integration Capability", "Describe your integration capability with ERP/MRP/CAD/CAM and other NPD/NPI systems?", "** scored against peers ** ", "2366"), ("2367", "160", "Out-of-the-Box Scorecards", "Are there a number of scorecards that are available out of the box? Preferably built on best-practice, actionable, KPIs?", "scored against peers", "2367"), ("2368", "160", "Out-of-the-Box Metric Reports", "What is the extent of support for out-of-the-box operational metric reports?", "scored against peers", "2368"), ("2369", "160", "Out-of-the-Box Trend Reports", "What is the extent of support for out-of-the-box trend reports?", "scored against peers", "2369"), ("2370", "160", "Out-of-the-Box Risk Reports", "What is the extent of support for out-of-the-box risk reports?", "scored against peers", "2370"), ("2371", "161", "Arbitrary Dimensions in Rules", "Does the mapping functionality support the classification and/or categorization of rules based on arbitrary dimensions? Can the mapping be done by formulas, value sets, regular expressions, or a combination of -- applied to arbitrary dimensions?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. only a select set of dimensions can be used for rule creation
2. all dimensions, both system and user defined, can be used in rules
3. the user can define derived dimensions and also define rules on those
4. capability beyond above and beyond peers", "2371"), ("2372", "161", "Rules Set Conflict Detection", "To what extent does the platform support the automatic detection of conflicts between rules (and rule sequences)? ", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. conflict detection is limited to replacement rules that specify two different replacement values for the same value
2. conflicts can be identified between rules that change values on conditions of other fields
3. advanced conflict detection algorithms and logic that can identify when a sequence of rules can cause a conflict between two rules 
4. capability beyond above and beyond peers", "2372"), ("2373", "161", "Rule Re-Ordering", "To what extent does the platform support the (automatic) re-ordering of classification rules to prevent conflicts and optimize cleansing, classification, etc.?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1 rules can be manually re-ordered until conflicts are eliminated
2 the system can automatically identify re-orderings that will eliminate conflicts without rule changes
3 (hybrid) AI can detect minimal rule changes necessary to remove conflicts with appropriate re-orderings
4 capability beyond above and beyond peers", "2373"), ("2374", "161", "Rule/Knowledge Model Editor", "How extensible is the rule and/or model editor? Can it be used to create cleansing, classification, and normalization rules as well as schemas, cubes, and reports? Does it support advanced formula for calculations and reg-ex for text-based formulas and cleansing rules?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. users are limited to creating and editing fixed rule types
2. users can create rules that work on all dimensions using supported mathematical and regex operators
3. (hybrid) AI suggests rules and guides users through the rule creation process
4. capability beyond above and beyond peers", "2374"), ("2375", "161", "Multi-Source Cross-Joins", "Does the solutions support multi-source cross-joins to make sure only the needed data is imported and the right data matched based on values from multiple sources, joined on common, cleansed fields? How extensible are these cross-joins?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. cross-joins between data in two datasets with the same schemas
2. cross-joins between data sets with different schemas but cross-linked identifiers
3. m-way cross-joins between data sets with different schemas against different taxonomies which can be cross-linked on mappable identifiers
4. capabilities beyond above and beyond peers", "2375"), ("2376", "161", "Classification / Categorization - UX", "How useable are the classification and categorization capabilities? Can rules be defined and map data in real-time? Can they be modified quickly and easily? Can their impact be analyzed before they are committed?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. classification rules can be modified and data put into a queue for re-classification
2. classification rules can be modified and data re-mapped in real-time
3. the platform supports sandboxes where potential changes to classification rules can be analyzed and compared in real time to current rules
4. capability beyond above and beyond peers", "2376"), ("2377", "161", "Classification / Categorization - Manual Support", "Describe the depth of support for manual data classification and categorization. How easy is it to accomplish the task manually? Do rules have to be defined in a formula or language? Can they be identified from a user-defined set of data? Can they be modified from templates?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. the user can define simple rules
2. the user can define complex rules, rule groups, change ordering, etc.
3. the user can define multiple what-if scenarios with various rule groups, rules, and change orders for comparison
4. capability beyond above and beyond peers", "2377"), ("2378", "161", "Query Capability", "Can the classification be accomplished using queries that specify subsets of the data as opposed to static, complicated, regex rule sets? How advanced is the query capability that can be supported?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. simple SQL queries can be defined to classify data
2. queries that use regex and all database supported functions are supported
3. queries that use embedded functions can be defined and executed
4. capability beyond above and beyond peers", "2378"), ("2379", "161", "Classification / Categorization - AI Support", "Describe the depth of support for AI-based data classification and categorization?  How much power is there for approaching full automation of classification?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. the platform can support simple, canned, AI routines for data (re) classification
2. the platform can support a number of AI routines which can be customized by the user who can tailor parameters, training sets, sequencing, etc. 
3. the platform can support the integration of 3rd party AI libraries which can be customized by data scientists to the organization\' needs
4. capability beyond above and beyond peers", "2379"), ("2380", "161", "Classification / Categorization - Hybrid", "Describe the depth of support for hybrid data classification and categorization?  How much power is there for creating a hybrid strategy for approaching 100% classification?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. the platform supports fixed hybrid sequences 
2. the platform allows the user to define sequences of auto and manual classification as needed
3. (hybrid) AI automatically identifies the proper sequences for auto-classification with manual interjections and overrides
4. capability beyond above and beyond peers", "2380"), ("2381", "161", "Knowledge Models", "Does the solution support hybrid classification where a user can augment auto-classification with manual classification and categorization? Can the user first define domain-specific knowledge models which are used to aid in the auto classification and categorization? Do these models evolve and learn over time as manual classification corrections are made to correct auto-classification? Can the corrections happen in real time?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. knowledge models are limited to pre-classified entities
2. users can define entities and classifications for each entity type on top of the system definitions
3. real-world domain modelling with entity relationships and rules for differentiating references the t could relate to multiple entities
4. capability beyond above and beyond peers", "2381"), ("2382", "161", "Collaboration", "Can the classification and collaboration be done in a collaborative fashion, or is it limited to one user creating one rule set for the (master) cube? If collaboration classification is supported, can multiple users share the same view, and work on the data on the same time, or are they limited to individual views, and must classify in succession?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. one user creates or modifies one rule set for one cube
2. a team of users can simultaneously view and modify a rule set against a cube
3. a team of users can view and modify rule sets across cubes in what-if sandboxes
4. capability beyond above and beyond peers", "2382"), ("2383", "161", "Cube Capability", "How easy is it for the customer organization to define multiple cubes on any and all dimensions of interest, create derived and roll-up dimensions, and share those cubes?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. there is one cube, users can define views on it
2. users can define as many cubes as they want on source data, but derived / roll up dimensions are limited to pre-defined dimensions
3. the user can define cubes on all dimensions, create as many derived or roll-up dimensions as desired using complex formulae, and they can be public, limited to a user group, or private
4. capability beyond above and beyond peers", "2383"), ("2384", "161", "Formula / Derived Dimension Support", "How extensive is the formula support in the creation of dimensions, filters, and views?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. simple arithmetic functions and time-periods
2. trigonometric functions and reg-ex
3. built-In scripting language to define arbitrarily complex functions and defined dimensions
4. capability beyond above and beyond peers", "2384"), ("2385", "161", "Outlier Identification", "Can the solution automatically detect outlier data and bring it to the attention of the user? Be it a value (dollar amount, unit count, etc.), a time (too far from an expected range), a location, etc. -- anything not consistent with the bulk of the data (and the typical clusters)?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. outliers can be detected based upon rules that define outliers
2. outliers can be detected using standard statistical and clustering algorithms 
3. outliers can be detected using advanced AI algorithms that adapt to changing data streams and patterns to detect outliers that would be missed by standard algorithms
4. capabilities beyond above and beyond peers", "2385"), ("2386", "161", "Statistical Analysis / Frequency Mapping", "What is the degree of built-in statistical analysis that can be applied to the data to get a general sense of completeness, correctness, and categorization accuracy? Is one limited to check-sums or can entire array of statically techniques be applied?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. simple check sums, Fletcher\'s algorithm and variations, and similar basic statistical analysis
2. standard curve-fitting, Bayesian analysis, and interpolation
3. advanced statistical algorithms, fingerprint analysis, and other techniques that can be used to analyze data sets at a macro-level
4. capability beyond above and beyond peers", "2386"), ("2387", "161", "Sliding Time-Scale", "Does the solution support a sliding time-scale that allows the data integrity analysis to be restricted to a user-defined range (to zero in on potential issues and correct them)? If so, can the sliding be done in real time or do the windows have to be defined and the cube(s)/view(s) reloaded with every definition / change?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. the user can define windows of fixed time length for data integrity analysis
2. the user can define arbitrary time windows to do data integrity analysis on
3. (hybrid) AI automatically defines various time windows for  rolling integrity analysis
4. capability beyond above and beyond peers", "2387"), ("2388", "161", "Filter Support", "Do the reports support (real-time) filter definition and application? If so, are the filters limited to a fixed set of dimensions or can they be defined on any dimensions? Do they support ranged / derived dimensions?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. filters can be defined in real time using value sets and simple matching expressions on base dimensions
2. filters can be defined in real-time using value sets and regex on base and derived dimensions
3. filters can be defined on all base and derived dimensions using the full range of built-in functions
4. capability beyond above and beyond peers", "2388"), ("2389", "162", "Predictive Analytics", "Does the platform support predictive analytics? To what extent? Please describe.", "scored against peers", "2389"), ("2390", "162", "Semantic Capabilities", "Does the platform contain semantic capabilities? To what extent? Please describe. ", "scored against peers", "2390"), ("2391", "162", "Prescriptive Analytics", "Does the tool support prescriptive analytics that can analyze current market conditions, organizational demands, and projected trends and guide the user into the identification of an appropriate category for sourcing and/or the selection of the appropriate sourcing event type and template among multiple built-in options built by industry experts? Can it assist with demand management? Lean Process Improvements? To what extent? Please describe.", "scored against peers", "2391"), ("2392", "162", "Permissive Analytics", "Does the platform support permissive analytics? To what extent? Please describe.", "scored against peers", "2392"), ("2393", "162", "Template Library", "Does the platform come with a template library of scorecards? If so, how extensive is it?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. a few standard scorecards for supplier performance, category performance, and industry comparisons
2. a mid-sized library with customized scorecards by industry and category and basic process performance templates for Sourcing and Procurement throughput
3. a large library with a full suite of customized process, performance, category, supplier, and industry scorecards
4. capabilities beyond above and beyond peers", "2393"), ("2394", "162", "Benchmarks", "Does the platform support the calculation and/or integration of benchmarks? Can these benchmarks be used to support the calculation of overhead / internal production costs not easily obtainable from market data? Can they be performance based as well as cost based? If so, describe the type (industry, category, performance, etc.) and the extent?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. support for price and performance benchmarks across suppliers
2. ability to import external data for industry and category benchmarks
3. ability to use community intelligence to augment industry, category, and supplier benchmarks
4. capability beyond above and beyond peers", "2394"), ("2395", "162", "Company/Function/Group Configuration", "What capabilities are there for configuring the application, and cubes, at multiple levels of views and hierarchies? Can a default view be created at the company level that can then be customized or overridden by department or function and then customized and overridden again by sub-group or user focused on specific functions? Can the user toggle between multiple configurations and views? Can the configuration be done at the user level or is it group / admin level only?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. default views are configured at the company level, users can only customize filters on the views
2. default views can be created by roles, and then customized by users via filters
3. each user can completely customize their view and configuration
4. capability beyond above and beyond peers", "2395"), ("2396", "162", "Cost Avoidance / Opportunity Program Management", "Describe the ability of the toolset to create and maintain cost avoidance / opportunity programs and manage those over time.", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. the application supports the definition of budgets and cost saving goals
2. integrated program management functionality can be used to put together a program for pursuing an opportunity
3. (hybrid) AI can guide a user through execution and monitoring of the opportunity
4. capability beyond above and beyond peers", "2396"), ("2397", "163", "Out-of-the-Box Sourcing Support", "What is the extent of out-of-the-box sourcing support provided in terms of opportunity analysis and bid analysis? Reports? Scorecards? Benchmarks? Predictive/Prescriptive Analytics? Please describe in detail.", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. basic suite of spend/event reports
2. out-of-the-box benchmarks and scorecards on category trends
3. predictive analytics for market trends
4. capability beyond above and beyond peers", "2397"), ("2398", "163", "Out-of-the-Box Procurement Support", "What is the extent of out-of-the-box procurement support for purchase order, invoice, and similar analysis? Reports? Scorecards? Benchmarks? Outlier/Risk Analytics? Please describe in detail.", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. basic suite of spend/event reports
2. out of the box benchmarks and scorecards on category performance
3. predictive analytics on surcharges, delivery times, and supplier performance
4. capability beyond above and beyond peers", "2398"), ("2399", "163", "Out-of-the-Box Travel & Expense Support", "What is the extent of out-of-the-box T&E support for travel, expense, and p-card analysis? Reports? Scorecards? Benchmarks? Outlier/Risk Analytics? Please describe in detail.", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. basic suite of T&E reports
2. out of the box benchmarks on T&E category performance with  community / industry intelligence
3. predictive analytics on future T&E needs and costs
4. capability beyond above and beyond peers", "2399"), ("2400", "163", "Out-of-the-Box Finance Support", "What is the extent of out-of-the-box finance support with respect to, but not limited to, payment, working capital, cash-flow, and discount analysis? Scorecards? Reports? Benchmarks? Predictive Analytics? Risk Analytics? Please describe in detail.", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. basic suite of Finance reports
2. out-of-the-box benchmarks and scorecards on working capital, payroll, and discount analysis with community intelligence 
3. predictive analytics on future cashflow / working capital trends
4. capability beyond above and beyond peers", "2400"), ("2401", "163", "Out-of-the-Box Product (Lifecycle) Support", "What is the extent of out-of-the-box support for product lifecycle management, bill of materials management, raw material analysis, etc.? Scorecards? Reports? Benchmarks? Drilldown analytics? Predictive analytics? Risk Analytics? Please describe in detail.", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. basic suite of out-of-the-box product  reports
2. out-of-the-box benchmarks on development timeframes, expected cost vs actual cost, etc.
3. predictive analytics on future costs, supply availability, and production timelines
4. capability beyond above and beyond peers", "2401"), ("2402", "163", "Out-of-the-Box Services Support", "What is the extent of out-of-the-box support for services analysis? Scorecards? Reports? Benchmarks? Predictive Analytics? Prescriptive Analytics? Compliance Analytics? Please describe in detail.", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. basic suite of out-of-the-box reports
2. out-of-the-box benchmarks across suppliers, categories, and service descriptions with community intelligence
3. predictive analytics on future service needs, costs, and market availability
4. capability beyond above and beyond peers", "2402"), ("2403", "163", "Out-of-the-Box CWM Support", "What is the extent of out-of-the-box support for CWM (Contingent Worker Management) analysis? Scorecards? Reports? Benchmarks? Predictive Analytics? Prescriptive Analytics? Compliance Analytics? Please describe in detail.", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. basic suite of out-of-the-box reports
2. out-of-the-box benchmarks across suppliers, categories, and contingent workforce needs with community intelligence
3. predictive analytics on future CWM needs, workforce availability, and market costs
4. capability beyond above and beyond peers", "2403"), ("2404", "163", "Out-of-the-Box Logistics Support", "What is the extent of out-of-the-box logistics analytics? Scorecards? Reports? Benchmarks? Predictive Analytics? Prescriptive Analytics? Please describe in detail.", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. basic suite of out-of-the-box logistics reports
2. out-of-the-box benchmarks and scorecards across logistics carriers, modes, and categories
3. predictive analytics on availability, cost, and need
4. capability beyond above and beyond peers", "2404"), ("2405", "163", "Out-of-the-Box Inventory/MRO Support", "What is the extent of out-of-the-box inventory/MRO analytics? Scorecards? Reports? Benchmarks? Predictive Analytics? Prescriptive Analytics? Please describe in detail.", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. basic suite of out-of-the-box inventory reports
2. out-of-the-box benchmarks and scorecards against industry data
3. predictive analytics on current and future inventory & MRO needs
4. capability beyond above and beyond peers", "2405"), ("2406", "163", "Out-of-the-Box Supplier Analysis Support", "What is the extent of out-of-the-box supplier analytics? Scorecards? Reports? Benchmarks? Predictive Analytics? Prescriptive Analytics? Trend Analysis? Please describe in detail.", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. basic suite of out-of-the-box supplier reports
2. out-of-the-box benchmarks and scorecards against peers and industry averages
3. predictive intelligence about performance and costs
4. capability beyond above and beyond peers", "2406"), ("2407", "163", "Out-of-the-Box Risk Management Support", "What is the extent of out-of-the-box risk analysis? Scorecards? Reports? Benchmarks? Predictive Analytics? Prescriptive Analytics? And across what functions can the risk management be applied? Please describe in detail.", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1. basic out of the box risk reports across the supply base based on internal performance data and D&B &/| BvD &/| Experian data
2. out-of-the-box benchmarks and scorecards across the supply base and potential supply base using internal data and external risk data by supplier and industry
3. predictive intelligence on supplier, industry, and geographic risk
4. capability beyond above and beyond peers", "2407"), ("2408", "164", "Enterprise Contracts Support (beyond buy-side)", "Please describe the ability to support all enterprise contracts, including not just supplier contracts, but those from customers, employees, partners, and other key stakeholders", "0 - no intent beyond suppliers. 
1 - theoretical ability to handle, but no associated customer facing or employee facing functionality or data model. 
2 - specific focus on different enterprise contract types and associated functionality (e.g., tying sales contracts into CRM). 
3 - ability to model complex scenarios relating different contract types and counterparty roles in the value chain (e.g., tying purchase contracts to related sales contracts). 
4 - focus on all contract types, stakeholders (e.g., legal, outsourced staff, partners), and domain specific enterprise CLM functionality", "2408"), ("2409", "164", "Richness of Contract Level Data Modeled", "Ability to model contract information at granular level of detail", "0 - a contract field in the system, but no contract master. 
1 - basic fixed contract level metadata to describe a contract (e.g., ID, supplier name, contract owner; start & expiration/renewal dates) and ability to store a file attachment. 
2 - contracts, contract types, addendums (e.g., SOW against MSA), and basic clause structure to handle pricing, payment terms, deliverables, roles, reference-field metadata, etc. 
3 - sub-contracting (multi-tier), clause library, clause types, deliverables, obligations/rights, and clause-level metadata (e.g., risk type, rules). 
4 - robust/extensible contract level and clause level data models tied into specific domain areas listed below - and ability to link to external knowledge bases and support needs of legal counsel/firms and industry-specific requirements", "2409"), ("2410", "164", "Templates (From Contracts, Sourcing)", "To what extent does the platform allow templates that can be used for initial contract creation?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1 - templates are implemented simply as semi-filled contracts that are cut/pasted/completed
2 - templates have their own data modeling where you can have a template hierarchy and different template types (and versions) using distinguishable metadata (which can also allow you to do basic mapping to spend categories and workflows where the templates can be used)
3 - templates are dynamic, flexibly mapped to users/workflows/spend that can use them, and help govern \'guided contracting\' workflows such as selecting among clauses/language based upon geographies, category, dollar value, etc. 
4 - functionality above and beyond peers (e.g., support for levels 1-3 and also abilities such as integrating unique content/intelligence from different domains: Legal, supply category, GRC/CSR, etc.", "2410"), ("2411", "164", "Clauses (From Contracts, Sourcing)", "How well does the CLM system model and manage standard clauses (and variations) within the contracting workflow (including Legal) and across the contract portfolio.  ", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable
1 - Standard clauses in the library, but limited workflow and metadata to manage standard/variant clauses; 
2 - Functionality for Legal to develop standard and alternate (\"fall back\") clauses to be used for certain conditions (categories, geographies, etc.).  Ability to perform analytics on clauses used within portfolio; 
3 - Rich clause metadata to support automated \'guidance\' on who can/should use what clauses under what conditions (and why re: risk/reward) to serve up into any contracting situation/workflow 
4 - Ability to go beyond this and our peers (e.g., deep modeling of commercial concepts/language that goes into the clauses - allowing truly intelligence contract guidance/analytics)", "2411"), ("2412", "164", "Performance Specifications and Deliverables", "To what extent does the CLM system support the ability to model tasks/services, service levels/quality, deliverables/milestones (and user acceptance/rejection workflow), and other determinants of commercial obligations?  Help text: Since performance specifications are the expected form/fit/function of the contracted deliverables - whether products and/or services - the system must be able to model and manage them granularly.", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1 - Support for basic modeling (e.g., rates vs. deliverables/milestones) 
2 - Performance/service level modeling (similar or integrated to supplier performance dimensions) with ability to perform rule-based calculable criteria. 
3 - Ability to add in remediation (spelled out in the contract) and to link performance/specs to particular tasks/roles for measurement, disposition, and remediating workflows/approvals (this level isn\'t about integration of pricing into catalogs and POs/invoices), but more about modeling and managing complex SLAs. 
4 - functionality beyond 1-3", "2412"), ("2413", "164", "Obligations", "How well does the CLM system model, capture, and monitor contractual obligations*?  *Obligations are contractual commitments made within provisions set forth in contract clauses. They reflect not just financial obligations, but also who is responsible for what operational commitments. ", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable
1 - Modeling and reporting on basic obligation data found within contract data model such as contract value, deliverables, payment terms, etc.; 
2 - Ability to explicitly model obligations/types and use them to drive actionable commitments / workflows beyond payment triggering deliverables (e.g., a proof of insurance before contract renewal date); 
3 - custom obligation formulation/scoring to determine potential liabilities and determine contract risk/\'health\' score 
4 - functionality beyond 1-3 (e.g., AI based automatic obligation detection/extraction/scoring from legacy contracts or counterparty paper)", "2413"), ("2414", "164", "File Attachments", "Does the platform allow the buyer to manage file attachments as integrated components of an overall contract \'package\'?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable 
1 - yes, but no version control or e-Signature. 
2 - yes, with file-level change control, definable metadata, and e-Signature. 
3 - yes, with file content internals brought into the system to allow hyperlinking and internal comparison/red-lining functionality (just like main contract text in the system);  
4 - would include differentiated capability beyond which is previously addressed (but including 1-3)", "2414"), ("2415", "164", "Document Linking and Integration", "Beyond file attachments, to what extent can the contract be linked to related documents that sits in other systems (e.g., can system detect changes in those related files/systems)?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable
1 - Contract IDs are used to link the systems, but integration must be built to synch the lower level data; 
2 - Contract metadata (and other data model elements) can be used to reference to other enterprise system data to link to; 
3 - Any contract data can be automatically synchronized bi-directionally with other enterprise systems (e.g., active monitoring of other systems to detect system changes that would trigger actions) other than typical S2P suite integrations; 
4 - any capabilities beyond which is previously addressed in levels 1-3 and is differentiated against peers", "2415"), ("2416", "164", "Version Control (From Contracts, Sourcing)", "How well does the system support extensive version control capabilities with complete tracking of who did each individual change (if collaborative editing was enabled)*?  *This includes change control at clause level, document metadata, attachments, e-signatures, and the overall \"contract package\" level.", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable
1 - basic contract document level version control with explanation about the changes. 
2 - document level control (including metadata, attachments, etc) AND clause level version control. 
3 - versioning of higher level \'contract package\' when amendments, sub-contracts, attachments, etc. are changed.  Also support for \'where used\' reporting to see if other documents in the system refer to the changed item;  
4 - would include capability beyond which is previously addressed (but including 1-3)", "2416"), ("2417", "165", "Pricing", "Complex pricing. Ability to natively model volume discounts, rebates, penalties, formula-based amounts (e.g., performance-based fees), non-price costs, etc.", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable
1 - Contract header-level pricing expiry or discounts based on term date; payment terms/discounts; SKU-level pricing; etc.  
2 - SOW-MSA linkages, alternate pricing, volume discounts, SLA line level bonuses/penalties, and linkages to upstream sourcing systems and/or downstream execution systems; 
3 - Complex formula-based pricing; pricing tied to external content; pricing calculations/actuals based on internal data that then has approvals for allowing subsequent use in invoice matching/approvals.
4 - Differentiated functionality beyond this", "2417"), ("2418", "165", "Categories", "Cross-referencing contracts to spend/supplier categories and also using user-driven contract/clause attributes/metadata to allow for rule-driven workflows/analytics using these attributes", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable
1 - Contract templates developed by spend category and system can track a category code on the contract; 
2 - More robust cross-referencing of contracts/types to multiple categories and user groups/roles; 
3 - Granular cross referencing of the clauses themselves to multiple concurrent spend/supplier categorizations that may exist - allowing fine-grained guided contracting workflows; 
4 - Functionality beyond 1-3", "2418"), ("2419", "165", "General Risk", "Ability to model contract/commercial risks", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable
1 - partial support by flagging risk at the contract level based on user definable contract level metadata. 
2 - risk tracking using clause level metadata. 
3 - formal risk management functionality built in regarding risk types, probabilities, impact scores / costs, mitigations, recovery/remedies, etc. 
4 - sophisticated risk management knowledge, models, predictive analytics using AI, etc.", "2419"), ("2420", "165", "Commodity Risk", "Modeling and management of currency risk, capacity risk, commodity price pegging/capture/audit, hedging, etc.  *Note, this requirement is weighted VERY low, but we capture it for interested practitioners", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable
1 - partial (e.g., pegging pricing/currency to an external index). 
2 - clause-level support for commodity risk. 
3 - advanced commodity risk modeling and management (e.g., guided contracting and tailored clauses based on risk management strategies). 
4 - functionality materially differentiated from peers", "2420"), ("2421", "165", "Supplier / Partner", "Modeling of counterparty relationships to you; legal entity structure (parent-child); supplier-customer linkages (i.e., value chain structure and outsourced relationship structure)", "0 - supplier field in contract header (no lookup table). 
1 - supplier lookup to basic supplier master (within CLM module or other) data. 
2 - partner master model and parent-child. 
3 - sub-contracting / tier modeling.
4 - advanced modeling (e.g., supply chain network modeling)", "2421"), ("2422", "165", "Regulatory Compliance", "Ability to model statutory / NGO requirements (by you and/or counterparty) and the contractual commitments that tie to them.", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable
1 - Clause types for regulatory compliance; 
2 - Obligation management with workflows to ensure compliance - and also ability to have sub-clause types for various regulations like GDPR; 
3 - Some type of jurisdiction/regulatory modeling (not just a \'jurisdiction\' field!) and linkages to external content sources; and also ability to analyze legacy/counterparty contracts using fuzzy logic to identify such regulatory language; 
4 - Functionality beyond 1-3 (e.g., advanced AI, linkage to GRC and Supplier Risk/Mgmt systems, etc.)", "2422"), ("2423", "165", "Financials", "Modeling of financial status/impact of contracts. (spend analysis tied to contracts is not included here)", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable
1 - store TCV and payment terms for single-named entity in base currency. 
2 - ACV modeling and ability to tie to multiple fiscal entities and in multiple currencies (and support INCOTERMS). 
3 - termination clauses/probabilities, renewal % estimates, budget linkages; penalty/bonus accruals. 
4 - advanced financial modeling not described (please describe)", "2423"), ("2424", "165", "Projects", "How robust is the project modeling and management from a CLM standpoint*?  *Large projects can have many contracts. And large contracts can have many projects. Projects and contracts can have sub-projects and sub-contracts respectively. So, CLM software must help align contracts to/from projects.", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable
1 - associating a contract to specific projects. 
2 - modeling project work breakdown structures and deliverables within a contract. 
3 - incorporating/integrating project budgeting, costing, and risk monitoring within contracts. 
4 - advanced functionality beyond this (please describe)", "2424"), ("2425", "165", "Assets", "Ability to model and track the assets (and utilization/performance of those assets) that contractually drive pricing. Could be software licenses, fuel surcharges, physical asset uptimes, etc.  *Note, this requirement is weighted VERY low, but we capture it for interested practitioners", "Use generic scoring. Please describe supporting details in \'comments\' field.  We generally expect a zero or 1 on this, but if you have some type of \"asset master\" somewhere in your application portfolio, you can get a higher score.", "2425"), ("2426", "166", "Contract Action, Renewals", "What is the capability provided to be alerted to upcoming renewals, but also be alerted (with escalations) to contract risk/non-compliance events?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable
1 - visibility by expiry/renewal type and prioritized by contract value. 
2 - escalating alerts to kick off an action plan to drive active renewal or re-sourcing/re-contracting. 
3 - \"Guided renewals\" workflow including obligation/risk/performance reporting to drive compliance in remaining contract and plan for renewal/re-negotiation. Can also send non-renewal notices to counterparties if positive internal renewal approval is not received. 
4 - advanced functionality beyond 1-3", "2426"), ("2427", "166", "Contract Expiration (non-renewal)", "How easy and robust is the capability to manage expiring contracts that must be dispositioned (e.g., flagged for either renewal/amending or for offboarding) and then used to drive appropriate offboarding activities?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable
1 - system de-activates and archives the contract. 
2 - system drives multiple contract offboarding activities including counterparty system access; final approvals; user communications; etc. 
3 - linkage to appropriate other integrated systems (e.g., drive supplier offboarding if supplier only had the one contract). 
4 - advanced functionality beyond 1-3", "2427"), ("2428", "166", "Status Updates", "How easy is it to do status updates, share them, take actions on those updates, and evaluate progress and modify the plan collaboratively based on those updates?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable
1 - standard alerts w/ escalations based on basic workflow functionality (e.g., renewal/approval notifications; non-conformance alerts); 
2 - User/role definable alerts based on workflow layer, dashboard/reporting layer, and deeper functionality or obligations management, risk management, project management, etc.; 
3 - Sophisticated rule-based alerts/libraries tied to risks/obligations; supplier ability to use this functionality; tying alerts to policies that exist at a GRC layer; 
4 - advanced functionality beyond 1-3", "2428"), ("2429", "167", "Search / Discovery", "Ability to find and re-use previous contracts and clauses for 1) new contract/clause creation or 2) contract portfolio assessment and remediation/de-risking/optimization", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable
1 - text and keyword search across contracts. 
2 - ability to query contract/clause data/metadata (including user-defined) and ability to perform \'where used\' analysis on related clauses/contracts; 
3 - ability to use fuzzy matching to find similar language (based on word similarity - not similarity of higher-level meaning) within contracts/clauses. 
4 - using AI/semantic-based capabilities to find user-/role-/context-relevant content based on meaning/intent", "2429"), ("2430", "167", "Legacy Contract Upload / Conversion", "Ability to bulk-upload contracts and extract contract-level metadata (please discuss if/how you use partner providers)", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable
1 - batch file uploading and import/mapping of electronic documents (manually entered metadata).
2 - OCR and rule-based training for contract metadata extraction. 
3 - addition of machine learning and ability to recognize contract elements/relationships (e.g., clauses, figures, amendments, etc.)  
4 - advanced machine learning and other differentiated capabilities vs. peers", "2430"), ("2431", "167", "Clause Extraction, Classification, and Harmonization", "Use of rule-based and machine-learning-based contract analytics to help classify unstructured text into structured clauses and metadata (please indicate if you use a specialized partner provider)", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable
1 - rule-based training based on keywords. 
2 - rule-based classification (with business-level rule bases for multi-business enterprises) combined with provider-specific knowledge base (e.g., synonyms). 
3 - addition of machine learning (clustering, classification) derived from large customer training sets, external data/corpus, and experts to improve accuracy. 
4 - provider proprietary knowledge bases/models and more advanced machine learning to understand the legal language making up the provisions in the clauses - and ability to segregate customer-specific knowledge bases from cross-customer KB.", "2431"), ("2432", "167", "Contract Import from other systems (e.g., eSourcing, P2P, etc.)", "To what extent does the platform support contract creation starting from other systems such as upstream eSourcing or downstream P2P (e.g. Contract request from an eRequisition)?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable
1 - Sourcing award export from an eSourcing system into a draft contract for finalization/approval. 
2 - Sourcing award export or import from a P2P system (or sales order management system);  
3 - Open interface from any enterprise system into a contract request form, template, and/or draft contract directly - and into an appropriate intake/approval workflow.
4 - would include capability beyond which is previously addressed (but including 1-3)", "2432"), ("2433", "167", "Ability to Manage Counter-Party Originated Contracts", "What unique capabilities allow you to incorporate counterparty paper into your contracting workflow?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable
1 - accept counterparty PDF/MS-Word contract draft into the CLM application and manage it as redline-able contract/addendum/attachment, but with no clause-level tracking; 
2 - use CLM contract conversion capabilities on supplier document to auto-convert/classify to the clause level for subsequent workflow. 
3 - convert/classify like #2, but also use AI to auto-compare to your standard clauses and highlight variances/risks to remediate within the negotiation/redlining workflow. 
4 - Additional innovations (e.g., integration of community-based supplier contract intelligence into the solution).", "2433"), ("2434", "167", "Amendments", "To what extent can the system support amendments / riders to simplify how contractual changes are implemented, but also allow controls and change history?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable
1 - contract language is changed, re-approved, and versioned up; 
2 - Multiple SOWs and sub-contracts under an MSA can individually be changed directly or also amended via a rider/document (e.g., change order) with full change history and document history within the top-level contract \'package\'; 
3 - Granular permissions for certain roles to change certain data within the contracts based on definable rules that can be specified in the contract language itself; 
4 - Functionality beyond 1-3", "2434"), ("2435", "168", "Microsoft Word Integration and Interface", "Does the solution integrate with Microsoft Word to enable both parties to build and edit documents within Microsoft, but with full security and version tracking*?
*In your text response, please also mention if you have any Google Docs / G Suite integration and how it works.", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable
1 - contracts can be created in the CLM application and can be exported to MS-Word for back-and-forth redlining before eSignature, but clause-level change control isn\'t preserved after export; 
2 - \"MS-Word as the UI\". CLM application add-in within MS-Word allows authoring from clause library and templates, before redlining which stays synched with the application.  
3 - Seamless flow between application and MS-Word including import/export (that preserves data synch) and also note if you have the ability to perform some level of real-time time collaboration (within Word 365 and/or the native web UX).  
4 - Additional functionality such as MS-Excel integration; embedded AI support; or other unique differentiated functionality.  ", "2435"), ("2436", "168", "Sub-Contracting Support", "Ability to support multi-tier contracts to tier 1 suppliers (e.g., BPO, prime contractor, contract mfr, etc.) who then sub-contract to tier 2 suppliers. This can include \"back-to-back\" contracts / \"flow downs\" of certain clauses or potentially even engaging tier 2 sub-contractors on the system itself", "Use generic scoring. Please describe supporting details in \'comments\' field. Note any particular innovations that you feel differentiate you here.", "2436"), ("2437", "168", "\"Guided Contracting\" (e.g., user questionnaires)", "This allows the system to be designed to guide a user through a set of business questions that in turn invoke the appropriate contract templates (or specific clauses) to use", "0 - none (users need to find closest match template on their own). 
1 - form builder and workflow is used to construct workflow that pulls up designated contract template for a certain contract/spend/supplier type. 
2 - vanilla functionality is available here to build workflow that builds up contract from clauses (not just template). 
3 - use of configurator and even basic machine learning to help design simplest decision tree. 
4 - use of AI or other advanced technology to develop a contracting \"bot\" to guided optimal contracting", "2437"), ("2438", "168", "Contract Implementation", "Ability to help automate the implementation of the contract into execution (e.g., into the P2P and supplier management process) and integrate to downstream execution systems", "0 - nothing. 
1 - integration capabilities to export into downstream systems. 
2 - bi-directional integration and also workflow to ensure that contract has been implemented properly. 
3 - functionality and methodology to set in place all downstream contract monitoring processes, roles, alerts, etc. 
4 - Advanced functionality beyond 1-3.", "2438"), ("2439", "169", "Compliance Management", "To what extent can the system track counterparty compliance to the contract - as well as internal compliance", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable
1 - ability to set dates and alerts for deliverables and against SLAs/targets; query capabilities to match payments to contracts; simple scorecard. 
2 - robust integration framework for automated performance collection; stakeholder survey collection & scoring; graphical scorecards. 
3 - rules-based and predictive analytics to identify/predict non-compliance; integration into corrective action workflows and projects; integration with supplier/partner scorecards. 
4 - advanced functionality beyond 1-3", "2439"), ("2440", "169", "Financial Management", "Ability to measure and monitor financial aspects of the contract. To what extent can financial impacts of the contract be modeled beyond just a single contract value field?", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable
1 - reporting of contract value (e.g., TCV, ACV) and spend-against-contract. 
2 - tracking costs (e.g., change orders and cost variances), penalties, rebates, claims (paid, submitted, disputed, etc.), pricing performance, etc. 
3 - ability to estimate/plan contract financials and actions: CV renewals; CV at risk; \"cost of risk\" analysis, trend analysis of pending non-compliance (weighted by financial impact), etc. 
4 - Advanced functionality beyond 1-3", "2440"), ("2441", "169", "Corrective Action & Conflict Resolution", "How deep is the corrective action management / corrective action resolution capability in the product? How deep is the collaborative dispute resolution functionality? Please describe the ability to manage the process of mitigating non-compliance, poor performance, and other performance issues if not already covered", "0 - not currently supported / not applicable
1 - Buyers and suppliers can send asynchronous messages logged in a message center
2 - Buyers and suppliers can initiate (performance-related) corrective action requests and, once accepted by the counterparty, a corrective action process is started and both parties can collaborate on the formation of a corrective action plan (which may begin from a built-in template)
3 - Either party can pull in relevant performance data, tag similar issues, upload supporting documents, define alerts against milestones, and measure performance improvements over time
4 - The platform uses AI to identify similar issues, suggest appropriate plans of action, and automatically pull in and monitor relevant data over time", "2441"), ("2442", "170", "Contracting Reports and Analytics", "*Not numerically self-scored. Please list the out-of-the box reporting that you provide for the supported roles in your system with regards to the contracting process. This isn\'t a list of report names, but rather the types of reporting that you have -- e.g., status (pending, active, overdue), throughput, cycle time, on-time delivery, pending renewals, rework, etc.", "Please provide the reporting areas within your standard reporting and analytics framework (self-score not needed)", "2442"), ("2443", "170", "Contract / Commercial Performance Analysis", "*Not numerically self-scored. Please indicate the analytics that you provide to support the performance health and risk of your commercial relationships through the lens of your contract information. This includes risk analytics, compliance analytics, SLA analytics; complexity analysis (e.g., variability of terms); best practices adoption analytics, etc. Feel free to discuss machine learning, but this is also covered in the \"Technology\" tab as well", "Please provide the reporting areas within your standard reporting and analytics framework (self-score not needed)", "2443"), ("2444", "171", "Knowledge Beyond Technology Applications", "What content/info/knowledge exists that powers your solution beyond traditional feature/function? e.g., clause/risk ontology; AI-trained knowledge base for contract analytics; automated best practice; etc.  ", "Please describe in detail (self score not needed)", "2444"), ("2445", "171", "Community Knowledge and \"Collective Intelligence\"", "How do you capture and systemize the collective knowledge from your installed base of customers using your solution? This can include collective machine learning derived from your clients\' \'training\' of the system. It can include derived insights from what contract terms different types of suppliers present and accept. It\'s any type of \'network effect\' or any knowledge assets beyond features/functions of applications", "Please describe in detail (self score not needed)", "2445"), ("2446", "171", "Value Creation Methodology and Approach", "Do you have a unique productized approach to assessing, delivering, and improving value delivery that we haven\'t touched upon that you\'d like to highlight?  It can be prescriptive value modeling, customer value alignment methodologies, flexible commercial models, and anything not touched upon in the \"Services\" section of the RFI  ", "Please describe in detail (self score not needed)", "2446"), ("2447", "172", "Supplier ePRO Invitation Support", "Describe your ability to invite suppliers to participate on the e-procurement platform and onboarded their catalogs.", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features  
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Mass e-mail campaigns with a message and link to the system (landing pages)
3 - Advanced features to support high levels of complexity. Personalized e-mail campaigns, workflow support, alerts, reminders/escalations, consultants support/services
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2447"), ("2448", "172", "Supplier e-Catalog Registration Support", "Describe your ability to register and enable suppliers to operate the catalog management solution.", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features  
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Fixed e-registration process that collects the same information for all suppliers and pushes them into the same approval process. Generic training and enabling material and support (e.g., videos, FAQ, hotline)
3 - Advanced features to support high levels of complexity. Dynamic registration process where suppliers are led down appropriate paths to collect appropriate information based on industry, categories/products, geographies, and other critical questions. Personalized training and enabling support/services by dedicated consultants teams
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2448"), ("2449", "172", "Model Support", "Describe your process (single or multiple models/approaches) to create or onboard a catalog in your system.", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features  
2 - Core support for standard requirements (e.g., CSV file formats, email, XML template, EDI, punch-outs)
3 - Advanced features to support high levels of complexity (e.g., flip a contract, sourcing event, API methods)
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2449"), ("2450", "172", "Data Structure Support", "Describe your ability to create or onboard catalogs with different data structures or multiple standards.", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features  
2 - Core support for standard requirements (e.g, mapping tables, non-industry standards like translation support)
3 - Advanced features to support high levels of complexity. Industry standards (e.g., PIDX), translation support, validations, AI & ML capabilities 
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2450"), ("2451", "172", "Item Profile Support", "Describe the level of data detail supported by your catalogs.", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features  
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Extended item information (description, price, UOM, pictures,  price, quantity price breaks, attachments, detail descriptions, UNSPSC codes, manufacturing numbers, tags, keywords, location availability, delivery metrics), integration with external sources, cross-reference information (synonymous, similars),\"how to\" instructions, multimedia, support documents, contract number, inventory levels, purchasing policies, historic performance
3 - Advanced features to support high levels of complexity. Item attributes with configurable features by category. Bundles, lists, kits. Services catalogs (rate cards, job profiles). AI and ML embedded capabilities.
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2451"), ("2452", "172", "Buying Policy Configuration", "Describe your ability to configure buying policies and supporting information (within catalogs) to appear within the context of an item requested.", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features  
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Cataloged items/services linked to buying policies. Supporting information such as inventory levels, budgets, contract key data, etc.
3 - Advanced features to support high levels of complexity. Ability to link to external and unstructured data, supportive analytics, BOTs support, etc.
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2452"), ("2453", "172", "External Catalog Support", "Describe your ability to onboard (access) external catalog content.", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features  
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Punch-out level 1 and 2
3 - Advanced features to support high levels of complexity. API integration, content filtering, etc.
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2453"), ("2454", "172", "Pre-Negotiated Contract Support", "Describe your ability to incorporate GPO contracts or prenegotiated contract programs as part of the creation or enablement process (either sponsored or run by the technology provider or third party).", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features  
2 - Core support for standard requirements. GPOs integrations (out-of the box)
3 - Advanced features to support high levels of complexity. Active programs with pre-negotiated contracts
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2454"), ("2455", "172", "Access Configuration", "Describe your ability to configure access to catalog content.", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features  
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Standard access configuration based on user/roles/BU/spend categories, etc.
3 - Advanced features to support high levels of complexity. Advanced access and permissions dependent on business rules (dynamic), catalog views, GPS capabilities, etc.
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2455"), ("2456", "172", "Process Uniqueness", "Describe which aspects of your catalog creation and onboarding process capabilities stand out from other vendors. What makes you special or different? ", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Key features
2 - Advanced functionalities
3 - Capabilities that improve efficiencies and productivity
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2456"), ("2457", "173", "Purchasing Model Support", "Describe your ability to create planned, non-planned and repetitive purchasing models based on specific catalog content and data structures (objects).", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features 
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Items, templates, kits, bundles, shopping lists, e-forms
3 - Advanced features to support high levels of complexity. AI/ML capabilities to assemble configurable items, bundles, smart forms
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2457"), ("2458", "173", "Linkage Support", "Describe your ability to configure linkages/flags between catalog (and non-catalog) products and services.", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features  
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Static-defined flags (preferred, contracted), links to suite related content (contracts, inventory)
3 - Advanced features to support high levels of complexity. Configurable flags, links to third-party content, ability to flagged non-catalog items/kits/e-forms
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2458"), ("2459", "173", "Object Model Uniqueness", "Describe how your catalog object model (and capabilities based on the data model and architecture) stand out from other vendors.", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Key features
2 - Advanced functionalities
3 - Capabilities that improve efficiencies and productivity
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2459"), ("2460", "174", "Classification Capabilities", "Describe the native (or partner) support process and mechanisms used for catalog classification, cleansing and enrichment.", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Partner limited support for data quality control (classification, cleansing and enrichment)
3 - Advanced features to support high levels of complexity. Native and partner (extensive offer of worldwide partners) support for data quality control (classification, cleansing and enrichment), includes AI capabilities, dashboards, delta reports, workflows and business rules
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2460"), ("2461", "174", "Mapping Process", "Describe your mapping process and ongoing data synchronization process based on source records/catalog master data.", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features  
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Includes one-to-one mapping tables for all types of data, no real time sync
3 - Advanced features to support high levels of complexity. Includes one-to-many mapping tables (e.g., spend categories, GL accounts), real-time synchronization to the source record, AI/ML capabilities
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2461"), ("2462", "174", "Unit Conversion", "Describe your data quality approach to ensure the accurate conversion of units of measure, currencies and languages for multi-country usage purposes (e.g. accounting records, issuance of POs and invoices, side-by-side items comparison).", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features  
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Core automated support for standard requirements/mapping tables, no multi-country support
3 - Advanced features to support high levels of complexity. Multi-country, multi-document and real-time support, AI/ML capabilities
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2462"), ("2463", "174", "Real Time Price Support", "Describe your ability to maintain real-time price information and key data across internal and external catalogs.", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features  
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Semi-automatic price updates from suppliers (flat files)
3 - Advanced features to support high levels of complexity. Real time integration/synchronization with supplier\'s price and information updates. Usage of external sources to keep data updated (current), real-time analytics support
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2463"), ("2464", "174", "ML / AI Support", "Describe (if applicable) how you incorporate artificial intelligence (AI) and machine learning (ML) capabilities into the catalog data control process or related areas.", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial process support/features
2 - Core process support for standard requirements. 
3 - Advanced support for high levels of Process complexities
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2464"), ("2465", "174", "Quality Control Process Uniqueness", "Describe what aspects of your catalog data quality control capabilities stand out from other vendors.", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Key features
2 - Advanced functionalities
3 - Capabilities that improve efficiencies and productivity
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2465"), ("2466", "175", "Validation Process", "Describe your catalog validation and approval process capabilities.", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features. Standard validation of names, descriptions, mandatory fields, standard hierarchical approval workflows
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Advanced field level validation and dynamic approval workflows. Price and contract compliance validations and approval workflows
3 - Advanced features to support high levels of complexity. Advanced validation features, field flagging, change alerts, AI/ML capabilities
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2466"), ("2467", "176", "Dynamic Additions", "Describe your ability to add or modify new items (and services) during daily activities (not a scheduled upload) in an existing catalog.", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features. Semi-automatic process, full upload
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Pro-forma templates, XML templates, portal functionality
3 - Advanced features to support high levels of complexity. Ability to process new items from external sources (non-contracted)
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2467"), ("2468", "177", "Mobility Features", "Describe your mobility features (i.e., what can be enabled via a mobile environment) of your catalog management functionality. Please specify both app and non-app capability. ", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features
2 - Core support for standard requirements.  
3 - Advanced features to support high levels of complexity for this requirement 
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2468"), ("2469", "178", "Reporting Functionality", "Describe the analytical/reporting capability of your catalog management functionality and how it benefits administrators, suppliers and other users.", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features. Reporting capabilities
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Descriptive analytics with comparative analysis
3 - Advanced features to support high levels of complexity. Advanced catalogs analytics (actionable, benchmarks, process KPI, user KPIs). AI/ML capabilities to optimize content, process
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2469"), ("2470", "179", "External Marketplace Support", "Describe your ability to enable users to shop across internet sites or external marketplaces (which are likely non-integrated, non-approved or non-contracted).", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features  
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Ability to shop and pull items back into the solution for approval processing
3 - Advanced features to support high levels of complexity. Item(s) stored for subsequent events, ability to be catalogued and compared with other options
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2470"), ("2471", "180", "Roadmap", "Describe your catalog roadmap for the next quarter.", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic additional features
2 - Core features/functionalities to improve process
3 - New capabilities to improve process, efficiencies and productivity
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2471"), ("2472", "181", "Requisitioning Options", "Describe your requisition setup options available \"out of the box\" to enable a requisitioning process. ", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features  
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Advanced single process setups (allow quick item entry, allow several \"ship to\" addresses, hide change request type, allow multiple account allocations) 
3 - Advanced features to support high levels of complexity. Advanced and multiple (BUs) process setups. Global set up options
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2472"), ("2473", "181", "Default Configurations", "Describe your ability to support multiple default combinations of users, categories, languages, currencies and UOM for fields such as \"ship to\" addresses, account allocations and GL-Code splits.", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features  
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Ability to support multiple default combinations of users/categories/languages/currencies/UOM for fields such as \"ship to\" addresses, account allocations, GL code splits. Single/basic combinations, a single organizational structure and system instance
3 - Advanced features to support high levels of complexity. Multiple/advance combinations, multiple organization structures and systems instances
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2473"), ("2474", "181", "Implementation Support", "Describe how you support the requisitioning process through guides, templates and pre-packaged setups with the goal of faster and more effective implementations. ", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features  
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Support of  guides, templates, pre-packaged setups. Flat files, batch processes
3 - Advanced features to support high levels of complexity. RPA processes, APIs, out-of-the box connectors, EAI capability 
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2474"), ("2475", "181", "Unique Requisitioning Setup Capabilities", "Describe what aspects of your requisitioning setup capabilities stand out from other vendors.", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Key features
2 - Advanced functionalities
3 - Capabilities that improve efficiencies and productivity
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2475"), ("2476", "182", "Multi-Profile Support", "Describe your ability to configure different profiles to support \"mass customization\" of the shopping experience. Please include in your response the extent of data inherent to a user to define a profile.", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Profile configuration across users, group of users, business units, categories, contracts and projects. Basic profile data
3 - Advanced features to support high levels of complexity. Advanced profile configurability features. Access and permissions dependent on business rules (dynamic). Extensive data inherent to a user/category profile such as budgets, country/location specific
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2476"), ("2477", "182", "Profile Maintenance Capability", "Describe your ability to maintain and update all profiles. Include in your response topics such as auditing processes, user communications and integration with other systems (e.g., HR).", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Ability to maintain current/update all profiles. Non-automated processes (profiles downloads, semi-manual updates), basic auditing reports
3 - Advanced features to support high levels of complexity. Automated routine processes integrated with the necessary systems to keep profiles updated, alerts to users in case of change, deltas reports and backup of versions and changes of profiles for audits.
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2477"), ("2478", "183", "Personalization Capability", "Describe your ability to personalize the user interface based on the user profile.", "0 = Not currently supported 
1 = Basic or Partial Support/features
2 = Core support for standard requirements.  Ability to personalize the user interface based on the user profile. Personalized menus, default information displayed, etc.
3 = Advanced features to support high levels of complexity.  Pre-build widgets base on profiles, personalized user widgets, drag & drop features to rearrange widgets/UI display, configure advanced pre-set options for common orders such as bundles or kits, pre-defined e-Forms, [service] order templates, re-order definition capability, etc. 
4 = Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2478"), ("2479", "183", "UI Optimization", "Describe your ability to optimize the UI based on user behavior and roles via learning, guidance and specific usability features.", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Ability to optimize the UI based on user behavior, roles. Identification of non-used areas/sections, heat map
3 - Advanced features to support high levels of complexity. AI/ML capabilities to optimize UI/UX
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2479"), ("2480", "183", "UI Uniqueness", "Describe what aspects of your user interface stand out from other vendors.", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Key features
2 - Advanced functionalities
3 - Capabilities that improve efficiencies and productivity
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2480"), ("2481", "184", "Advanced Search Capabilities", "Describe your search and advanced search capabilities. Please describe whether it is based on proprietary technology, third-party tools or a combination.", "0 - Not currently supported 
1- Basic or partial support/features
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Search titles, keywords, categories, suppliers, descriptions, attributes, geographic data, buyer notes and reviews
3 - Advanced features to support high levels of complexity. Type-ahead suggestions, faceted search, federated search, include bundles, e-forms, kits, AI/ML capabilities
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2481"), ("2482", "184", "Integrated Search Capability", "Describe your ability to perform combined searches across both internal and external catalogs.", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Ability to perform combined searches across both internal and external catalogs. Cross catalog-search, federated search, punch-out level 2
3 - Advanced features to support high levels of complexity. API Integrations, comparison capabilities, numerous external catalogs
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2482"), ("2483", "184", "Form Search Support", "Describe your ability to manage e-forms, bundles, kits and templates as part of the search process.", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Ability to manage e-forms, bundles, kits, templates as part of the search process. Separate searching process for e-forms, bundles, kits, templates
3 - Advanced features to support high levels of complexity. Bundles, kits integrated into same search results
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2483"), ("2484", "184", "Faceted Search Support", "Describe your ability to support search that is restricted to inventory items, contract SKUs and preferred suppliers.", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Ability to support search that is restricted to inventory items, contract SKUs, preferred suppliers. Usage of flags, alerts, advanced search features
3 - Advanced features to support high levels of complexity. Business rules support, AI/ML capabilities
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2484"), ("2485", "184", "Null Result Handling", "Describe your ability to handle a \"no results\" search return. What happens in this scenario? ", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Ability to handle a \"no results\" search return. Non-catalog requisitioning process (templated based) 
3 - Advanced features to support high levels of complexity. AI/ML suggestions (similar, most likely, previous choices, non-catalog recommendations)
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2485"), ("2486", "184", "ML / AI Capabilities", "Describe your AI/ML capabilities within the search process.", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial process support/features
2 - Core process support for standard requirements. 
3 - Advanced support for high levels of process complexities
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2486"), ("2487", "184", "Unique Search Capabilities", "Describe which of your search engine capabilities stand out from other vendors.", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Key features
2 - Advanced functionalities
3 - Capabilities that improve efficiencies and productivity
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2487"), ("2488", "185", "Third-Party Content Support", "Describe your ability to support access to third-party content sources for shopping (contracted and non-contracted). ", " 
0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Ability to support access to third-party content sources for shopping. Punch-out level 1 and 2...
3 - Advanced features to support high levels of complexity. API integration to external sources, public markeplaces
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2488"), ("2489", "185", "Business Rule Support", "Describe your ability to perform approval processes and business rules compliance with third-party content.", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Ability to perform approval processes and business rules compliance to third-party content. Core business rules and approval processes (item, category, BU)
3 - Advanced features to support high levels of complexity. Check against budgets (user/BU/project), inventory, hard stops, approver alerts
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2489"), ("2490", "185", "User Profile Support", "Describe your ability to restrict access to third-party content based on user profiles.", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Ability to restrict access to third-party content based on user profiles. Unrestricted access-visibility (user sees restricted items), restriction during item selection (based on business rules and approval processes)
3 - Advanced features to support high levels of complexity. Restricted access visibility (the user does not see restricted articles), configuration at the site level by user, category, etc. AI/ML capabilities
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2490"), ("2491", "185", "Content Support Uniqueness", "Describe which of your third-party content capabilities stand out from other vendors.", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Key features
2 - Advanced functionalities
3 - Capabilities that improve efficiencies and productivity
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2491"), ("2492", "186", "Cross-Application Requisition Support", "Describe your ability to create requisitions from multiple parts of the application. ", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Ability to create requisitions from multiple parts of the application. Supplier catalogs, punch-outs, tempaltes, e-forms, sourcing process
3 - Advanced features to support high levels of complexity. Contracts, automate/programmed (inventory re-order), scanner, project management tools, MRP
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2492"), ("2493", "186", "e-Form Requisition Support", "Describe your e-form requisitioning capabilities.", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Basic e-form features such as field types (radio, text, drop-down list), conditional workflow logic 
3 - Advanced features to support high levels of complexity. Advanced e-form features, smart-form, business rules, AI/ML capabilities, etc.
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2493"), ("2494", "186", "Bundle Requisition Support", "Describe your bundled requisitioning capabilities.", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Pre-built bundles, no intelligence
3 - Advanced features to support high levels of complexity. Configurable bundles based on business rules, mandatory bundle suggestions (real rime), also view/bundle suggestions
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2494"), ("2495", "186", "Shopping List Support", "Describe your shopping lists requisitioning capabilities.", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Pre-built shopping lists, private and public
3 - Advanced features to support high levels of complexity. User ability to create on-demand shopping lists, integration with support data (systems) in real time (availability, prices)
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2495"), ("2496", "186", "Non-Catalog Item Support", "Describe your non-catalog requisitioning capabilities.", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Templates, e-forms, sourcing integration
3 - Advanced features to support high levels of complexity. Spot buy external options (rule based), AI/ML capabilities
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2496"), ("2497", "186", "SOW/Contingent Labour Requisitioning Support", "Describe your SOW/contingent labor requisitioning capabilities. ", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Template/e-form based
3 - Advanced features to support high levels of complexity. Resource definitions, time sheets, milestones, compliance features
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2497"), ("2498", "186", "Project-Based Requisitioning", "Describe your ability to create requisitions against projects.", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Ability to create requisitions against projects
3 - Advanced features to support high levels of complexity for this requirement 
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2498"), ("2499", "186", "Recurring Requisition Support", "Describe your ability to support repetitive and scheduled (programmed) requisitions from contracts, business rules and inventory PAR levels.", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Ability to support repetitive and scheduled requisitions (kits, bundles, templates, e-forms)
3 - Advanced features to support high levels of complexity. Scheduled/programmed based on contracts, business rules, inventory par level. AI/ML capabilities
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2499"), ("2500", "186", "Asset Tracking and Tooling Requisition Support", "Describe your ability to track assets and create tooling requisitions against those assets.", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Ability to record assets. Basic asset information, support at the reporting level
3 - Advanced features to support high levels of complexity. Asset tracking location, value/depreciation, warranties, services schedules. Tooling requsitioning support
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2500"), ("2501", "186", "VMI Support", "Describe your ability to support vendor managed inventory (VMI).", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Suppliers can view current inventory levels and send restock shipments against open POs
3 - Advanced features to support high levels of complexity. Suppliers can view inventory levels over time, apply predictive demand models, define target stock ranges, and optimized restock quantities and the system will suggest restocks for review
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2501"), ("2502", "186", "ML / AI Capabilities", "Describe how you incorporate artificial intelligence (AI) and machine learning (ML) capabilities into the requisitioning process and related areas.", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial process support/features
2 - Core process support for standard requirements. 
3 - Advanced support for high levels of process complexities
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2502"), ("2503", "186", "Requisitioning Process Support Uniqueness", "Describe what aspects of your requisitioning capabilities stand out from other vendors. ", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Key features
2 - Advanced functionalities
3 - Capabilities that improve efficiencies and productivity
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2503"), ("2504", "187", "S2C Integration", "Describe your ability to integrate with a native (or third-party) sourcing technology to push/pull data between both solutions.", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Ability to integrate with a native (or third-party) sourcing technology to push/pull data between both solutions. No native sourcing solutions, diferent data models
3 - Advanced features to support high levels of complexity. Native and unified sourcing solution (same data model), real-time sync
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2504"), ("2505", "187", "Event Instantiation from Requisition", "Describe advanced integration support between sourcing events (e.g., three-bids-and-a-buy, reverse auctions) and how these can be initiated as part of the requisitioning process (e.g., free form, e-form requisition) on a native or integrated basis. ", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Basic e-sourcing integration ( e.g., \"three bids in a box\")
3 - Advanced features to support high levels of complexity. Advanced e- sourcing, RFX and projects, initiated from the e-procurement solution (e-form, template)
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2505"), ("2506", "187", "Sourcing Platform Integration", "Describe your ability to create POs/requisitions directly from a sourcing platform (i.e., based on a sourcing event) either on a native or integrated basis. ", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Ability to create POs/requisitions directly from a sourcing platform
3 - Advanced features to support high levels of complexity for this requirement 
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2506"), ("2507", "188", "Direct Material Requisition Support", "Describe your support levels for the requisitioning of direct materials (e.g., related parts/components, bill of materials) either standalone or as a layer \"on top\" of ERP. ", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Ability to  support the requisitioning process of direct materials (e.g., related parts/components, bill of materials) 
3 - Advanced features to support complex scenarios of direct materials requisitioning
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2507"), ("2508", "188", "Compliance Capabilities", "Describe direct materials-specific contract compliance capabilities. ", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Ability to handle direct-materials-specific contract compliance
3 - Advanced features to support complex scenarios. Direct Materials contract compliance. 
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2508"), ("2509", "188", "Stakeholder Collaboration", "Describe how you support internal stakeholder collaboration for direct materials requisitioning. ", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Ability to support internal stakeholder collaboration for direct materials requisitioning. 
3 - Advanced features to support complex scenarios of internal stakeholder collaboration for Direct Materials. 
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2509"), ("2510", "188", "Supplier Collaboration", "Describe your supplier collaboration capabilities for direct materials requisitioning.", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Ability to support supplier collaboration for direct materials requisitioning
3 - Advanced features to support complex scenarios of supplier collaboration for direct materials
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2510"), ("2511", "188", "Unique Process", "Describe how your direct material requisitioning process capabilities stand out from other vendors.", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Key features
2 - Advanced functionalities
3 - Capabilities that improve efficiencies and productivity
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2511"), ("2512", "189", "Guided Buying Philosophy", "Describe your approach and philosophy to enable guided buying. ", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Profiles and business rules based, contracted catalogs, flags
3 - Advanced features to support high levels of complexity. Real-time support guidance, AI/ML apabilities
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2512"), ("2513", "189", "Rule Configuration", "Describe your ability to tailor guided buying rules and workflows, specific to business units, categories, contracts, projects, suppliers and even individual users that override the default model in each specific case.", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Ability to tailor guided buying business rules and workflows based on user, BU, categories, contracts
3 - Advanced features to support high levels of complexity. Ability to override default model based on AI/ML capabilities
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2513"), ("2514", "189", "Policy Support", "Describe your ability to display either (or both) rules or policies guiding the user to a specific suggestion, including \"why\" a particular approach is recommended. These might depend on the business unit, user, project, supplier, budget constraints, payment terms, promotions and supplier delivery times.", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Ability to display/execute defined polices and rules for determined scenarios
3 - Advanced features to support high levels of complexity. AI/ML capabilities to display recommendations and real time information (total cost, low risk, faster delivery)
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2514"), ("2515", "189", "Preferred Supplier Support", "Describe how you direct users to preferred suppliers/supply agreements (and at what level) as part of guided buying.", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Ability to direct users to defined/pre-configured preffered suppliers. Ability to display rules
3 - Advanced features to support high levels of complexity. Dyamic preffered Ssupplier status based on real data. AI/ML capabilities
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2515"), ("2516", "189", "Analytics Integration", "Describe how your solution uses broader analytics or information from third-party systems to guide users (for either or both on/off-contract purchases).", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features. Reporting capabilities
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Usage (display) of descriptive analytics (comparative analysis), dashboards
3 - Advanced features to support high levels of complexity. Usage (display) of real-time external information sources (SRM, SPM), alerts, AI/ML analytics
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2516"), ("2517", "189", "Real-time Collaboration", "Describe your real-time collaboration/conversational capabilities to enable shoppers to interface with purchasing staff, stakeholders or bots as part of the guided buying process.", " 
0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Ability to enable shoppers to interface with purchasing staff, stakeholders as part of the guided buying process. Text fields (documents), asynchronous messaging (email, portal)
3 - Advanced features to support high levels of complexity. Stakeholder real-time chats and document exchange (multiple stakeholders), AI/ML conversational capabilites (bots)
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2517"), ("2518", "189", "Integrated Search Results", "Describe your ability to ensure that search results are integrated with guided buying capabilities that can help the user in exception-based situations (e.g., a lack of available inventory at a supplier DC/warehouse). ", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Ability to integrated search results with guided buying capabilities. Flags (inventory, contracted), supplier rating
3 - Advanced features to support high levels of complexity. Advanced guided buying informations (total cost, time of delivery, similars, risk monitoring)
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2518"), ("2519", "189", "ML / AI Capabilities", "Describe how you incorporate artificial intelligence (AI) and machine learning (ML) capabilities to support guided buying.", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial process support/features
2 - Core process support for standard requirements. 
3 - Advanced support for high levels of process complexities
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2519"), ("2520", "189", "Unique Guided Buying Process", "Describe what aspects of your guided buying process stand out from other vendors. ", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Key features
2 - Advanced functionalities
3 - Capabilities that improve efficiencies and productivity
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2520"), ("2521", "190", "Support Mechanisms", "Describe the platform help and support mechanisms accessible during the requisitioning process to guide users.", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Predefined help, giudes, FAQs
3 - Advanced features to support high levels of complexity. Real-time collaborations, AI/ML capabilities
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2521"), ("2522", "190", "Analytics Integration", "Describe how the platform uses business intelligence content/data/analytics to provide real-time help and support to users during the requisitioning process.", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features. Reporting capabilities
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Descriptive reports (comparative analysis), predefine content (configured)
3 - Advanced features to support high levels of complexity. Real-time intelligence based on use case, benchmarks, actionable analytics (KPIs). AI/ML capabiliites
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2522"), ("2523", "190", "User Community", "Do you provide an online user community to exchange expertise and provide advice on a peer-to-peer basis? If so, how does it work? ", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Ability to proivide online user community to exchange expertise and provide advice on a peer-to-peer basis
3 - Advanced features for online user community support
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2523"), ("2524", "191", "Checkout Administration", "Describe your checkout process from an administration perspective. ", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Ability to allow the end-user to configure and override what a user has put in their shopping cart (including support for bulk orders on behalf of requisitions, default billing account overrides, default location overrides, quantity overrides, attachment support, default currency overrides)
3 - Advanced features to support high levels of complexity for this requirement 
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2524"), ("2525", "191", "Cart Support in the Requisition Process", "Describe your ability to transfer a cart/e-form to another (super) user to complete a requisition.", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Ability to transfer a cart/e-form to another (super) user to complete a requisition. Basic transfer cart features (on-behalf, cart saved)
3 - Advanced features to support high levels of complexity. Super user advanced features, workload balancing
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2525"), ("2526", "191", "Split Item Support", "Describe your ability to define individual/split item configuration within a requisition. ", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Profile configuration capabiliites
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Ability to define individual/split item configuration within a requisition. Busines rules configuration (shipping/delivery terms, accounting/tax information)
3 - Advanced features to support high levels of complexity. Ensure compliance. Business recommendations (based on optimizations ). AI/ML capabilities
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2526"), ("2527", "191", "Tax Rate Support", "Describe your ability to integrate tax information (on a line level) during the PO process. What sources of tax-related information do you integrate with? ", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Ability to integrate tax information (on a line level) during the PO process. Filled by the user
3 - Advanced features to support high levels of complexity. Ability to verify and validate tax information (line level). Unified tax intelligence
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2527"), ("2528", "191", "Variable Stop Control", "Describe your ability to do a soft/hard stop based on business rules such as budget availability, inventory item or a high-risk supplier non-active contract.", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Ability to do a soft/hard stop based on business rules such as budget availability, inventory item, high-risk supplier non-active contract. Configured and define soft and hard stops based on internal data and business rules (budgets, inventories, contracts)
3 - Advanced features to support high levels of complexity. Soft and hard stops supported with actionable information (internal and external). AI/ML capabilities
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2528"), ("2529", "191", "Stakeholder Collaboration", "Describe your ability/mechanisms to collaborate (in real time) with stakeholders before checkout. ", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Ability to collaborate with stakeholders before checkout. Asynchronous collaboration (email, messaging, alerts)
3 - Advanced features to support high levels of complexity. Real-time social chat collaboration and document exchange
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2529"), ("2530", "191", "Shopping Cart Persistence", "Describe your ability to save shopping carts for reuse in the future.", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Ability to save shopping carts for reuse in the future
3 - Advanced features to support high levels of complexity for this requirement 
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2530"), ("2531", "191", "Unique Cart Capabilities", "Describe what aspects of your shopping cart/checkout process stand out from other vendors. ", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Key features
2 - Advanced functionalities
3 - Capabilities that improve efficiencies and productivity
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2531"), ("2532", "192", "Alert Capabilities", "Describe your ability to trigger alerts or hard stops when a budget is exceeded at a user, account, project, category or subcategory level. Describe the granularity availability based on budget levels. Include your capabilities for solving over-budget issues (to avoid hard stops).", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Ability to trigger alerts or hard stops when the budget is exceeded at a user, BU, account, project, category, subcategory level. High level budget control (category, subcatgory, BU)
3 - Advanced features to support high levels of complexity. Over-budget management recommendations, granular budget control (user, services items)
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2532"), ("2533", "193", "Inventory Check Support", "Describe your ability to enable inventory checks during the requisition process (e.g., to ensure items are not purchased if they are already in a stockroom). ", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Ability to enable inventory checks during the requisition process.  Informative flags, alerts, no automaterd actions items
3 - Advanced features to support high levels of complexity. Automated and integrated inventory requisitioning process. Inventory levels visibility
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2533"), ("2534", "193", "Inventory Management Support", "Describe your ability to support inventory management during the requisition process. ", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Ability to support inventory management during the requisition process (inventory transfers, inventory adjustments, auto-replenishment requisitioning), handle through ERP or other. No real-time sync
3 - Advanced features to support high levels of complexity. Inventory management (inventory transfers, inventory adjustments, auto-replenishment requisitioning) handle through ERP, propietary Inventory module or other with advance features and real-time synchornization
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2534"), ("2535", "194", "Line Item Approval", "Describe your ability to support requisitioning line-level approval/rejection and to trigger a threaded discussion, clarification or collaboration.", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Ability to support requisitioning line level approval/rejection and to trigger a threaded discussion, clarification or collaboration. Asynchronous messaging and collaboration (discussions, clarification)
3 - Advanced features to support high levels of complexity. Line-level approval (do not stop the process of the approved lines), advanced line level collaborations workflows and business rules. Ability to collaborate in real time
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2535"), ("2536", "194", "Executive Overrides", "Describe your ability to allow approvers with sufficient authority to override the approval process.", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Ability to enable the approval process to be overridden by approvers with sufficient authority. For example, to redirect an approval to a new person when someone is known to be unavailable or add a stakeholder as part of  a critical buy. This capability could include requisition modification, delegation support, new approvers/observers, auto-escalation or budget changes
3 - Advanced features to support high levels of complexity
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2536"), ("2537", "194", "Automatic Blocks", "Describe your ability to \"block/alert\" a requisition approval process if preferred/designated suppliers already exist for a specific item or category or for risk issues.", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Ability to block/alert  a requisition approval process if preferred/designated suppliers already exist for a specific item or category or for risk issues. Actions based on business rules/defined scenarios
3 - Advanced features to support high levels of complexity. Advanced block/alert features (flagged information). Ability to handle non-defined scenarios (information constantly updated or monitored in real time). Usage of external information (e.g., risks)
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2537"), ("2538", "194", "Unique Approval Capabilities", "Describe which aspects of your requisitioning and approval capabilities stand out from other vendors. ", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Key features
2 - Advanced functionalities
3 - Capabilities that improve efficiencies and productivity
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2538"), ("2539", "195", "Mobility Features", "Describe the mobility features (i.e., what can be enabled via a mobile environment) of your requisitioning functionality. Please specify both app and non-app capability. ", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features
2 - Core support for standard requirements
3 - Advanced features to support high levels of complexity for this requirement 
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2539"), ("2540", "196", "Analytics Integration", "Describe the analytical/reporting capability of your requisitioning functionality and how it benefits administrators, buyers, suppliers and other users.", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features. Reporting capabilities
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Descriptive requisitioning/shopping analytics (comparative analysis)
3 - Advanced features to support high levels of complexity. Advanced requisitioning/shopping analytics (actionable, benchmarks, process KPI, user KPIs). AI/ML capabilities to optimize process, costs, results
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2540"), ("2541", "197", "Unique Roadmap", "Describe your requisitioning roadmap for the next quarter. ", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic additional features
2 - Core features/functionalities to improve process
3 - New capabilities to improve processes, efficiencies and productivity
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2541"), ("2542", "198", "Default Order Configurations", "Describe the ordering setup options available \"out of the box\" to configure capabilities for each customer. ", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Basic, single ordering process and order types setups (order tolerance thresholds, creation of POs from contracts, \"one-time\" ship-to address, single account allocation, default taxable amounts)
3 - Advanced features to support high levels of complexity. Advanced and multiple ordering process (BUs) and order type setups
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2542"), ("2543", "198", "Unique Order Configurations", "Describe what aspects of your order setup capabilities stand out from other vendors. ", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Key features
2 - Advanced functionalities
3 - Capabilities that improve efficiencies and productivity
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2543"), ("2544", "199", "Raw PO Creation", "Describe your ability to support PO creation without requisitions (and to enable different business scenarios, as required).", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Basic support of PO creation from scratch (template based)
3 - Advanced features of PO creation from scratch, covering different business scenarios, complying with business rules. Real-time creation support
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2544"), ("2545", "199", "Multi-Requisition Support", "Describe your ability to support multiple POs per requisition or combine multiple requisition lines across a requisition into a single PO. ", " 
0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Ability to support multiple POs per requisition or combine multiple requisition lines across a requisition into a single PO. Automated process
3 - Advanced features to support high levels of complexity. AI/ML capabilities to optimized cost and process creation. Analytics support for decision-making
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2545"), ("2546", "199", "Automatic PO Creation", "Describe your ability to create automatic POs based on contracts, business rules, automatic re-order point(s) or scheduled services.", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Ability to create automatic POs based on contracts, business rules, automatic re-order point(s), scheduled services
3 - Advanced features to support high levels of complexity. AI/ML capabilities for process and cost optimizations. Advanced features to support high levels of complexity for this requirement 
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2546"), ("2547", "199", "Reverse Flip Creation", "Describe your ability to support PO creation based on a \"reverse flip\" from an invoice submitted by a supplier for regularly scheduled deliveries or contracted services (as needed).", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Support PO creation based on a \"reverse flip\" from an invoice submitted by a supplier for regularly scheduled deliveries or contracted services (as needed)
3 - Advanced features to support high levels of complexity. AI/ML capabilities for process and cost optimizations. Advanced features to support high levels of complexity for this requirement 
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2547"), ("2548", "199", "Validation Rules", "Describe your ability to support PO validation rules.", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Ability to support PO validation rules. Standard validations based on business rules and approval workflows 
3 - Advanced/complex validations with AI/ML capabilities to improve validation efficiencies
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2548"), ("2549", "199", "External PO Support", "Describe your ability to manage and process POs created in external systems, including ERP, MRP, WMS, VMS and CWM.", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Ability to manage and process POs created in ERP systems (indirect spend)
3 - Advanced features to support high levels of complexity. Ability to manage and process POs created in MRP systems and others (direct and indirect spend). Real-time collaboration
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2549"), ("2550", "199", "Inventory Pick-List Support", "Describe your ability to create POs automatically from inventory pick-lists to enable intracompany fulfillment.", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Basic ability to create POs automatically from inventory pick-lists (intra-company fulfillment)
3 - Advanced features to support high levels of complexity. Ability to create POs automatically from inventory pick-lists (intra-company fulfillment) with high levels of complexity
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2550"), ("2551", "199", "Unique Order Creation Support", "Describe what aspects of your order creation capabilities stand out from other vendors. ", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Key features
2 - Advanced functionalities
3 - Capabilities that improve efficiencies and productivity
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2551"), ("2552", "200", "Basic Compliance Capability", "Describe your ability to support contract compliance in support of PO creation, processing and approval. ", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Basic contract compliance check points (price, items), during creation, processing and approvals
3 - Advanced contract compliance check points (price, SLA, discounts.,contract spend, contract utilization), alerts during creation, processing and approvals
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2552"), ("2553", "201", "Secure Attachments", "Describe your ability to support secured attachments (e.g., drawings, specifications).", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Ability to support secured attachments (e.g., drawings, specifications)
3 - Advanced document access security  (user level), advanced attachments features to be included at any stage of the procurement process
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2553"), ("2554", "201", "Electronic Receiving", "Describe your ability to support receiving and processing based on electronic responses and digital documents. ", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features
2 - Core support for standard requirements.  Ability to support order response/acknowledgements, process changes/deletions, .... via different transactional standards (e.g., EDI / XML) and a portal interface, ... . Asynchronous support...
3 - Advanced receiving & processing capabilities (manage disputes, generate audit trails, etc...), alerts (action items...), real time collaboration and document exchange....
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2554"), ("2555", "201", "ERP/MRP Support", "Describe your ability to send a PO to an ERP/MRP environment.", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Ability to send a PO to an ERP/MRP environment
3 - Advanced features to support high levels of complexity. Real-time transaction flows and data processing with ERPs, support for high levels of integration complexity for this requirement 
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2555"), ("2556", "201", "Change Support", "Describe your ability to handle change requests, disputes and other issues that may arise during a PO process. ", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Ability to handle change requests, disputes, and other issues that may arise during a PO process. Asynchronous support
3 - Advanced collaboration features (real time) to handle disputes, change requests. Ability to handle issues through non-touch processing (business rules, tolerances). Analytics support for decision making
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2556"), ("2557", "201", "Unique Processing Capability", "Describe what aspects of your order processing capabilities stand out from other vendors. ", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Key features
2 - Advanced functionalities
3 - Capabilities that improve efficiencies and productivity
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2557"), ("2558", "202", "Transmission Protocols", "Describe your communication process between buyers and suppliers and your electronic transmission formats/methods.", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Supports basic email, fax, cXML, EDI, web form and portal communications between buyers and suppliers
3 - Advanced features to support high levels of complexity. Ability to manage advanced workflows and integrations between buyers and suppliers delivery and communciations activities. Support of industry-specific data exchange protocols
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2558"), ("2559", "203", "Real-Time Collaboration", "Describe how you support real-time collaboration between buyers and suppliers.", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Ability to support collaboration between buyers and suppliers through portal Interface, email (asynchronouos collaboration). Dashboards (status, action item). Workflow and business rules support
3 - Support of advanced collaboration features (item-level collaboration, actionable alerts, real-time problem solving). Social business collaborative tools
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2559"), ("2560", "204", "PO Modification", "Describe your ability to allow suppliers to override PO information in the system (e.g., quantities, delivery method, prices), add/delete items (swapping), communicate responses/acknowledgements/requests, manage disputes and show order status.", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Ability for suppliers to override PO information in the system (e.g., quantities, delivery method, prices), add/delete items, communicate responses/acknowledgements/requests, manage disputes, show order status
3 - Advanced order processing features (suggest substitute items)
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2560"), ("2561", "204", "Line Item Processing", "Describe the ability for suppliers to approve/accept orders on the line level.", " 
0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Ability for suppliers to approve/accept orders on the line level
3 - Support of advanced features and high levels of complexity for this requirement 
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2561"), ("2562", "204", "PO Portal Support", "Describe your portal support for order processing. ", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Asynchronous messaging, status visibility, dashboards
3 - Advanced features to support PO real time collaboration and processing from a portal
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2562"), ("2563", "205", "Order Mobility", "Describe the mobility features (i.e., what can be enabled via a mobile environment) of your ordering functionality. Please specify both app and non-app capability. ", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features
2 - Core support for standard requirements  
3 - Support high levels of complexity for this requirement 
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2563"), ("2564", "206", "Analytics Integration", "Describe the analytical/reporting capability of your ordering functionality and how it benefits administrators, buyers, suppliers and other users.", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features. Reporting capabilities
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Descriptive ordering analytics (comparative analysis)
3 - Advanced ordering analytics (actionable, benchmarks, process KPI, user KPIs). AI/ML capabilities to optimize process, costs, results
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2564"), ("2565", "207", "Order Processing Roadmap", "Describe your ordering roadmap for the next quarter. ", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic additional features
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Core features to improve process
3 - New capabilities to improve process, efficiencies and productivity
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2565"), ("2566", "208", "Default Receiving Configuration", "Describe the receiving setup options available \"out of the box\" to configure capabilities for each customer. ", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Ability to include customized scenarios (e.g., receipt of negative quantities, double-step receiving, validating receipt quantity, requiring a receipt vs. no receipt required, requiring end-user receipts, allowing changes to suppliers, enabling notification when no receipt exits)
3 - Advanced features to support high levels of complexity. Ability to configure multiple receiving processes. Process optimization features (AI/ML capabilities, analytcis)
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2566"), ("2567", "209", "ASN Support", "Describe your ability to process/communicate advanced ship notices (ASNs) from suppliers, as well as other related documentation, if applicable.", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Ability to process/communicate advanced ship notices (ASNs) from suppliers as well as other related documentation
3 - Advanced ship notices (ASNs) features and ability to handle high levels of complexity for this requirement
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2567"), ("2568", "209", "Bill of Lading Support", "Describe your ability to process/communicate bills of lading (BoL) from suppliers (and BoL responses from buyers, if needed) as well as other related documentation, if applicable.", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Ability to process/communicate bills of lading (BoL) from suppliers (and BoL responses from buyers), as well as other related documentation
3 - Advanced bills of lading (BoL) features and ability to handle high levels of complexity for this requirement
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2568"), ("2569", "210", "Receiving Process Configuration", "Describe configurability to support different receiving business scenarios. These may include full receipt, partial receipt and hybrid receipt (multi-ship, partial, bulk, decimals, allowances for open/blanket POs).", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Ability to configure different receiving business scenarios. These may include full receipt, partial receipt, hybrid receipt (multi-ship, partial, bulk, decimals, allowances for open/blanket POs)
3 - Advanced features to support high levels of complexity. AI/ML capabilities to optimize receiving business scenarios. 
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2569"), ("2570", "210", "Matching Rules", "Describe your support for flexible and configurable matching rules. ", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Ability to support flexible and configurable matching rules
3 - Advanced matching rules features to enhance the receiving process and ability to handle high levels of complexity for this requirement
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2570"), ("2571", "210", "Receiving Models", "Describe your ability to support both end-user receiving and central receiving models (including managing required documentation to complete a receipt).", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Ability to support both end-user receiving and central receiving models, including managing required documentation to complete a receipt
3 - Advanced receiving models features to enhance/optimize the receiving process and ability to handle high levels of complexity for this requirement 
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2571"), ("2572", "210", "Asset Management", "Describe your ability to manage assets as part of, or in conjunction with, the receiving process.", " 
0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Ability to receive/manage assets as part of the receiving process, basic management features (e.g., track asset value/depreciation, track warranties, manage service schedules, configure asset attributes) 
3 - Advanced receiving and managing assets features (track asset value/depreciation, track warranties, manage service schedules, configure asset attributes)
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2572"), ("2573", "210", "Scanning Technology Support", "Describe how you support RFID, bar code and other scanning hardware/technologies in the receiving process.", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Ability to support RFID, bar code and other scanning hardware/technologies in the receiving process
3 - Advanced scanning technologies features to enhance the receiving process and ability to handle high levels of complexity for this requirement
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2573"), ("2574", "210", "Unique Receiving Capabilities", "Describe what aspects of your receiving capabilities stand out from other vendors. ", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Key features
2 - Advanced functionalities
3 - Capabilities that improve efficiencies and productivity
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2574"), ("2575", "211", "Receiving Mobility", "Describe the mobility features (i.e., what can be enabled via a mobile environment) of your receiving functionality. Please specify both app and non-app capability. ", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Core support for standard requirements
3 - Advanced features to support high levels of complexity for this requirement 
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2575"), ("2576", "212", "Analytics Integration", "Describe the analytical/reporting capability of your receiving functionality and how it benefits administrators, buyers, suppliers and other users.", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features. Reporting capabilities
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Descriptive receiving analytics (comparative analysis)
3 - Advanced receiving analytics (actionable, benchmarks, process KPI, user KPIs). AI/ML capabilities to optimize process, costs
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2576"), ("2577", "213", "Order Receiving Roadmap", "Describe your receiving roadmap for the next quarter. ", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic additional features
2 - Core features/functionalities to improve process
3 - New capabilities to improve process, efficiencies and productivity
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2577"), ("2578", "214", "Default Invoice Configurations", "Describe the invoicing setup options available \"out of the box.\" ", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Ability to configure capabilities for each customer (via the admin function, portal). These could include: auto-matching method/approach, auto-PO closeout capabilities, voucher tolerance, ability to update received quantity upon approval, send notification to requisitioner when invoice is created, enable price tolerance exceptions, enable receipt quantity exceptions, allow line item description edits, enable do-not-edit payment information, account allocations
3 - Advanced features to support high levels of complexity
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2578"), ("2579", "214", "Implementation Support", "Describe how you support the invoicing process through guides, templates and prepackaged setups with the goal of faster and more effective implementations.", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Support of  guides, templates, prepackaged setups, etc. Flat files, batch processes
3 - Advanced features to support high levels of complexity. RPA processes, APIs, out-of-the box connectors, EAI capability 
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2579"), ("2580", "214", "Unique Invoice Configuration Capabilities", "Describe what aspects of your invoicing setup capabilities stand out from other vendors. ", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Key features
2 - Advanced functionalities
3 - Capabilities that improve efficiencies and productivity
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2580"), ("2581", "215", "Supplier eInvoicing Invitation Support", "Describe your ability to invite suppliers to participate on the e-invoicing platform", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Mass email campaigns with a message and link to the system (landing pages)
3 - Advanced features to support high levels of complexity.  Personalized e-mail campaigns, workflow support and automatic alerts, reminders/escalations--- Consultants support/services
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2581"), ("2582", "215", "Supplier e-Invoicing Registration Support", "Describe your ability to register and enable suppliers to operate the e-Invoicing solution.", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Fixed registration process that collects the same information for all suppliers and pushes them into the same approval process. Generic training and enabling material and support (videos, FAQ, hotline)
3 - Advanced features to support high levels of complexity. Dynamic registration process where suppliers are led down appropriate paths to collect appropriate information based on industry, categories/products, geographies, and other critical questions. Personalized training and enabling support/services by dedicated consultants teams
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2582"), ("2583", "215", "Breadth of Invoice Capture", "Describe your ability to capture and create invoices using multiple methods. ", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Ability to support multiple invoice capturing/creation methods such as XML, EDI, PO flip, auto file transfer, mobile scan, manual flat file (CSV, MS Excel), PDF OCR emailed or uploaded through the portal
3 - Support of advanced capturing and creation methods. Support high levels of complexity for this requirement 
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2583"), ("2584", "215", "Paper Invoice Support", "Describe your ability to capture and digitize paper invoices.", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Ability to capture and digitize paper invoices with OCR technologies, mailroom services
3 - Advanced technologies (AI/ML capabilities) to digitize paper invoices 
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2584"), ("2585", "215", "Email Submission Support", "Describe your ability to process email invoices in PDF or other formats.", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Ability to process email invoices in PDF or other formats
3 - Support of advanced technologies (AI/ML capabilities) and solutions to process email invoices
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2585"), ("2586", "215", "Invoice Creation Support", "Describe your ability to create invoices \"from scratch\" (e.g., when no PO exists) and related validation processes.", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Ability to create invoices \"from scratch\" (e.g., when no PO exists) and related validation processes
3 - Support of advanced technologies (AI/ML capabilities) and solutions to create invoices form scratch 
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2586"), ("2587", "215", "Portal Support", "Describe your portal support for invoice creation and capture. If applicable, also describe your public or private supplier network invoice creation and capture capabilities.", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Ability to support invoice creation and capturing from a Portal (PO Flip, XML templates, invoce uploading). Status visibility, dashboards
3 - Advanced features and technologies (AI/ML) to handle high levels of complexity for this requirement 
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2587"), ("2588", "215", "Third Party Management Support", "Describe your ability to support an internal or third-party managed mailroom approach to invoice capture/submission.   ", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Ability to support an internal or third-party managed mailroom approach to invoice capture/submission 
3 - Advanced mailroom features and technologies (AI/ML) to handle/process high levels of complexity for this requirement and optimized the process
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2588"), ("2589", "215", "OCR Support", "Describe your OCR capabilities in detail.", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Non-propietary OCR solution. Basic OCR capabilities 
3 - Propietary OCR solution. OCR advanced technologies (AI/ML) to handle high levels of complexity for this requirement and optimized the process accuracy
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2589"), ("2590", "215", "Third Party Solution Support", "Describe your ability to capture invoices from other e-invoicing solutions. ", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Ability to capture invoices from other e-invoicing solutions (no integrated)
3 - Advanced features to support high levels of complexity. Out-of-the box Integrated solutions/process 
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2590"), ("2591", "215", "ML / AI Support", "Describe how you incorporate artificial intelligence (AI) and machine learning (ML) capabilities into invoice creation, capture and submission processes. ", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial process support/features
2 - Core Process support for standard requirements
3 - Advanced support for high levels of process complexities
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2591"), ("2592", "215", "Unique Invoice Capture Capabilities", "Describe what aspects of your invoicing creation, capture and submission capabilities stand out from other vendors. ", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Key features
2 - Advanced functionalities
3 - Capabilities that improve efficiencies and productivity
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2592"), ("2593", "216", "Recurring Invoice Support", "Describe in detail your ability to create recurring invoices from a contract. ", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Ability to create recurring invoices from a contract (i.e., in situations where no PO exists)
3 - Advanced unified features (payment plans, AI/ML features) to support high levels of complexity for this requirement 
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2593"), ("2594", "216", "SOW Invoice Support", "Describe in detail your ability to create SOW-based (services) invoices.", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Ability to create SOW-based (services) invoices
3 - Advanced unified features (collaborative environment, tIme card services, milestones  etc) to support high levels of complexity for this requirement 
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2594"), ("2595", "216", "Unique Service Invoice Support", "Describe what aspects of your services and contract invoicing stand out from other vendors. ", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Key features
2 - Advanced functionalities
3 - Capabilities that improve efficiencies and productivity
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2595"), ("2596", "217", "Post-Audit e-Invoicing Compliance", "Describe your ability to ensure full e-invoicing compliance for post-audit countries (e.g., tax, regulatory, statutory). Is this enabled via a third party? ", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Ability to insure e-invoicing compliance for post-audit countries (e.g., validated invoices, VAT compliance, digital signatures, archiving)
3 - Advance features/capabilities (templates, AI/ML capabilities) to support high levels of complexity for this requirement and enhance the process efficiencies and effectiviness
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2596"), ("2597", "217", "Clearance e-Invoicing Compliance", "Describe your ability to ensure full e-invoicing compliance (e.g., tax, regulatory, statutory) for clearance countries. Is this enabled via a third party? ", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Ability to insure e-invoicing compliance for clearance countries (e.g., validated invoices, VAT compliance, digital signatures, electronic documentation and fiscal/accounting reporting, correct calculation and recording of taxes, archiving)
3 - Advance features/capabilities (templates, AI/ML capabilities) to support high levels of complexity for this requirement and enhance the process efficiencies and effectiviness
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2597"), ("2598", "217", "Full Global e-Invoicing Compliance", "Describe in detail your assets, partnerships and subcontractors to ensure global e-invoicing compliance (post-audit and clearance countries) if not fully covered by the questions above. ", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Available assets, partnerships and subcontractors to ensure e-invoicing compliance (post-audit and clearance countries). Not global reach
3 - Available global reach to support global compliance and high levels of complexity of this requirement
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2598"), ("2599", "217", "e-Invoice Archival", "Describe your invoice archiving/archival capabilities. In what countries is this offered? In what countries is it fully compliant (audited solution), partially compliant, etc.?", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Ability to offer propietary/third-party invoice archiving/archival capabilities. No global reach nor fully compliant
3 - Global offering, fully compliant, auditable. Ability to support complex business scenarios
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2599"), ("2600", "217", "Tax Compliance Support", "Describe in detail your capabilities and partnerships to support global tax compliance.", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Ability to offer tax compliance support (not global), through third-party partnerships
3 - Ability to offer tax global compliance support (real time) to handle complex business scenarios
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2600"), ("2601", "217", "Trade Regulation Support", "Describe your capabilities and partnerships to comply with trade regulations. In what countries is this capability supported? Fully? Partially? ", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Ability to comply with trade regulations (e.g., import tariffs, harmonized calculations). No global support
3 - Ability to offer trade compliance global support (real time) to handle complex business scenarios.
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2601"), ("2602", "217", "Specific Country Experience", "Describe in detail the countries where you currently manage the e-invoicing compliance process based on existing live customers. ", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Two continents, fewer than 30 countries
3 - Three continents, more than 30 countries
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2602"), ("2603", "217", "Invoicing Audit Support", "Describe your ability to ensure that internal and external auditing requirements are met. ", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Ability to insure that internal and external auditing requirements
3 - Advanced processes/tecnologies (AI/ML) to support high levels of complexity for this requirement 
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2603"), ("2604", "217", "ML / AI Support", "Describe how you incorporate artificial intelligence (AI) and machine learning (ML) capabilities into invoicing compliance.", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial process support/features
2 - Core process support for standard requirements
3 - Advanced support for high levels of process complexities
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2604"), ("2605", "217", "Unique Invoice Compliance Support", "Describe what aspects of your invoicing compliance capabilities stand out from other vendors. ", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Key features
2 - Advanced functionalities
3 - Capabilities that improve efficiencies and productivity
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2605"), ("2606", "218", "Auto m-way Match", "Describe in detail your ability to support the auto-matching of invoices and other document types (e.g., POs, good receipts, contracts).", " 
0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Ability to support the auto-matching of invoices and other document types. Header and line level (POs and good receipts)
3 - Advanced features for n-way auto-matching of invoices at line level (PO, receipts, contracts, budgets) to support high levels of complexity for this requirement. AI/ML features to improve effectiviness of the matching process
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2606"), ("2607", "218", "Payment Plan Support", "Describe in detail your ability to support auto-matching of invoices against payment plans.", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Ability to support auto-matching of invoices against payment plans (basic features)
3 - Advanced features of auto-matching invoices against payment plans to support high levels of complexity for this requirement (partial payments, percentage and amount-based tolerances). AI/ML features to improve effectiviness of the matching process
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2607"), ("2608", "218", "Business Rule Validation ", "Describe in detail your ability to auto-validate (header/line level) invoices against business rules.", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Ability to auto-validate (header/line level) invoices against business rules
3 -  Advanced AI/ML features to auto-validate invoices against business rules and improve effectiviness of the matching process
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2608"), ("2609", "218", "Tax Rule Validation", "Describe in detail your ability to auto-validate (header/line level) invoices against tax rules.", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Ability to auto-validate (header/line level) invoices against tax rules.
3 -  Advanced AI/ML features to auto-validate invoices against tax rules (header/line level), single and multi-authority tax calculations, and improve effectiviness of the matching process
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2609"), ("2610", "218", "Commercial Rule Validation", "Describe in detail your capabilities to auto-validate (header/line level) invoices against commercial rules.", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Ability to auto-validate (header/line level) invoices against commercial rules (e.g. currency conversions, rounding rules)
3 -  Advanced AI/ML features to auto-validate invoices against commercial rules (header/line level) and improve effectiviness of the matching process.
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2610"), ("2611", "218", "Regulatory Rule Validation", "Describe in detail your capabilities to auto-validate (header/line level) invoices against compliance rules.", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Ability to auto-validate (header/line level) invoices against compliance rules(e.g., VAT, digital signature, mandatory fields)
3 -  Advanced AI/ML features to auto-validate invoices against compliance rules (header/line level) and improve effectiviness of the matching process
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2611"), ("2612", "218", "Automated Approval Capability", "Describe your e-invoicing approval capabilities, especially methods to expedite/automate approvals.", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Ability to automate e-invoicing approvals based on business rules (e.g., auto-approved based on tolerances, escalations, approval benchmarks) 
3 - Advanced features (AI/ML) to improve approval effectiviness and support high levels of approval complexity 
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2612"), ("2613", "218", "ML / AI Support", "Describe how you incorporate artificial intelligence (AI) and machine learning (ML) capabilities to support \"touchless\" validation and approval invoices processing. ", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial process support/features
2 - Core process support for standard requirements
3 - Advanced support for high levels of process complexities
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2613"), ("2614", "218", "Approval Archiving", "Describe your ability to support the secure, unauditable archiving/archival of all validations and approval steps (full audit trail) that take place during the invoicing process (inclusive for AI/ML purposes).", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Ability to support the secure, unauditable archiving/archival of all validations and approval steps (full audit trail) 
3 - Advanced features to support high levels of complexity for this requirement 
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2614"), ("2615", "218", "Unique Validation Capabilities", "Describe what aspects of your invoicing validation/approvals capabilities stand out from other vendors. ", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Key features
2 - Advanced functionalities
3 - Capabilities that improve efficiencies and productivity
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2615"), ("2616", "219", "Invoice Collaboration Capabilities", "Describe both your portal (supplier network) and non-portal collaboration capabilities for invoicing processes.", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Ability to support portal (supplier network) and non-portal, \"one-to-one\" collaboration capabilities for invoicing processes. Asynchronous collaboration
3 - Advanced collaboration features to support complex invoicing process scenarios (\"one-to-many\" collaboration capabilities, real time)
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2616"), ("2617", "219", "Dispute Resolution Capabilities", "Describe your dispute resolution capabilities in detail.", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Ability to support dispute resolutions. Asynchronous messaging (email, text fiels, portal)
3 - Advanced features to manage disputes in real time with stakeholders collaborations, documents exchange, use of AI/ML and conversational technologies
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2617"), ("2618", "219", "Asynchronous Messaging Support", "Describe your ability to support real-time collaboration in addition to asynchronous messaging.", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Ability to support real-time collaboration. Basic collaboration features
3 - Ability to support advance real time collaboration capabilities (social environment), including the ability to add people to a discussion/collaboration. Full audit trails
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2618"), ("2619", "219", "Communication Archival and Auditing", "Describe your ability to support secure, unauditable archival of all communications that take place in a collaboration.", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Ability to support secure, unauditable archival of all communications that take place in a collaboration
3 - Advanced audit capabilities to support high levels of complexity for this requirement (analytics support)
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2619"), ("2620", "220", "Out-of-the-Box Third Party Order System Support", "Describe your current (out-of-the box) integrations with third-party or native ordering systems (e.g., e-procurement/P2P/ERP). Please specify certified integrations, if applicable. ", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Out-of-the box integrations (batch syncrhonization) with third-party or native ordering systems (e.g., e-procurement/P2P/ERP)
3 - Advanced features to support high levels of complexity. Certified integrations. Real-time syncrhonization out-of-the box with third-party or native ordering systems (e.g., e-procurement/P2P/ERP)
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2620"), ("2621", "220", "AP Integration Support", "Describe your current (out-of-the box) integrations with AP Systems (Specialized / ERP). Please specify certified integrations, if applicable. ", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Out-of-the box integrations (batch syncrhonization) with AP Systems (ERP)
3 - Advanced features to support high levels of complexity. Certified integrations. Real-time syncrhonization (out-of-the box) with AP Systems (ERP)
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2621"), ("2622", "220", "E-Invoicing & Supplier Network Support", "Describe your current (out-of-the box) integrations with other e-invoicing and supplier networks. Please specify certified integrations, if applicable. ", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features
2 - Core support for standard requirements.  Out-of-the box integrations (Batch syncrhonization) with other e-invoicing and supplier networks
3 - Advanced features to support high levels of complexity. Certified integrations. Real-time syncrhonization (out-of-the box) with other e-invoicing and supplier networks
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2622"), ("2623", "220", "Value Add Platform Integration Support", "Describe your current (out-of-the-box) integrations with value-added solutions (e.g., tax engines, compliance intelligence, tariff intelligence, risk management). Please specify certified integrations, if applicable. ", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Out-of-the box integrations (batch syncrhonization) with value-added solutions (tax engines, compliance intelligence, tariff intelligence, risk management) 
3 - Advanced features to support high levels of complexity. Certified integrations. Real-time syncrhonization (out of the box) with value-added solutions (tax engines, compliance intelligence, tariff intelligence, risk management, etc.) 
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2623"), ("2624", "220", "AR Integration Support", "Describe your current certified integrations with AR systems. ", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Out-of-the box integration with AR systems
3 - Advanced features to support high levels of complexity. Certified (real time) integrations with AR systems 
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2624"), ("2625", "220", "Unique Integration Capabilities", "Describe what aspects of your invoicing integration capabilities stand out from other vendors. ", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Key features
2 - Advanced functionalities
3 - Capabilities that improve efficiencies and productivity
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2625"), ("2626", "221", "Mobility Support", "Describe the mobility features (i.e., what can be enabled via a mobile environment) of your invoicing functionality. Please specify both app and non-app capability. ", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Core support for standard requirements
3 - Support for high levels of complexity for this requirement 
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2626"), ("2627", "222", "Analytics Integration", "Describe the analytical/reporting capability of your invoicing functionality and how it benefits administrators, buyers, suppliers and other users.", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features. Reporting capabilities
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Descriptive invoicing analytIcs (comparative analysis)
3 - Advanced invoicing analytics (actionable, benchmarks, process KPI, user KPIs). AI/ML capabilities to optimize processes, costs
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2627"), ("2628", "223", "Invoice Processing Roadmap", "Describe your invoicing roadmap for the next quarter. ", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic additional features
2 - Core features/functionalities to improve process
3 - New capabilities to improve process, efficiencies and productivity
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2628"), ("2629", "224", "Range of Payment System Integrations", "Describe your payment solution capabilities in detail, including payment engines, AP/ERP integration, third-party e-payment solutions and bank integrations.", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Core support for standard requirements
3 - Advanced features to support high levels of complexity for this requirement 
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2629"), ("2630", "224", "Supported Payment Solutions", "Describe the payment methods that your solution is compatible with (e.g., check, electronic check, ACH, wire). ", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Support of multiple payment methods (check, electronic check, ACH, wire) 
3 - Advanced payment methods capabilities to advanced features to support high levels of complexity for this requirement and improve process efficiencies and effectiviness (payment hub)
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2630"), ("2631", "224", "Payment Partnerships", "Describe the partnerships you have in place to enable payments (please list all partnerships by name and type). ", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Payment engine partnership
3 - Multiple payments partnerships to support high levels of complexity for this requirement 
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2631"), ("2632", "225", "Payment Status Visibility", "Describe your ability to provide suppliers with self-service, constant visibility into payment status.", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Ability to  provide suppliers with self-service, constant visibility into payment status.
3 - Advances features to support suppliers with self-service and visibility capabilities (portal and no portal based). Visibility advanced reports (potential late payments)
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2632"), ("2633", "225", "Multi-Currency Support", "Describe your ability to support cross-border scenarios involving payment in different currencies. Mention if this is a third-party or proprietary capability.", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Ability to support cross-border scenarios involving payment in different currencies. Limited countries
3 - Global cross-border payments support. Multibank payment engine. Advanced features/partnerships to support complex payment scenarios
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2633"), ("2634", "225", "Payment Play Support", "Describe your ability to enable and manage payment plans.", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Abilty to create and manage basic/scehdule payment plans
3 - Advanced payment plans creation and management (schedule-based, budget-based, self-billing)
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2634"), ("2635", "225", "Advance Payment Support", "Describe your support to advance payments.", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Ability to support advance payments (basic features)
3 - Advanced features to manage advance payments within complex business scenarios 
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2635"), ("2636", "225", "AML/KYC Standard Support", "Describe your support to comply with AML/KYC standards in multiple jurisdictions. ", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Ability to comply with AML/KYC standards in mutliple jurisdictions
3 - Advanced AML/KYC capabilities to support high levels of complexity for this requirement (certifications, background checks, regulatory and reporting requirements, localized requirements, requirements for new suppliers in high-risk countries)
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2636"), ("2637", "225", "Unique Payment Capabilities", "Describe what aspects of your payment processing capabilities stand out from other vendors. ", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Key features
2 - Advanced functionalities
3 - Capabilities that improve efficiencies and productivity
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2637"), ("2638", "226", "P-Card Payment Support", "Describe your ability to support p-card payments.", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Ability to support p-card payments (including card issuer, card networks, card partnerships)
3 - Advanced capabilities to improve p-card payments (ability to issue v-cards, one-time use or multiple use with a spend limits)
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2638"), ("2639", "226", "P-Card Program Support", "Describe your available p-card programs and program partners. ", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Limited localized programs/partners. Limited program benefits
3 - Advanced features to support high levels of complexity. Global programs/partners to choose from. Multiple program benefits
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2639"), ("2640", "226", "P-Card Reconciliation Capability", "Describe your integrated p-card reconciliation, reporting and visibility capabilities. ", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Basic capabilities of p-card reconciliation, reporting and visibility
3 - Advanced capabilities for high levels of p-card reconciliation complexities. Support of advanced reconciliation analytics (fraud detection). Rebates advanced analytics. Ability to enrich card data to improve card transaction data
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2640"), ("2641", "226", "Unique P-Card Capabilities", "Describe what aspects of your p-card capabilities stand out from other vendors. ", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Key features
2 - Advanced functionalities
3 - Capabilities that improve efficiencies and productivity
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2641"), ("2642", "227", "On-Demand Financing Programs", "Describe your available opt-in and on-demand financing programs (and associated on-boarding processes).", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Ability to offer opt-in and on-demand financing programs (limited options)
3 - Advanced features to support high levels of complexity. Multiple  opt-in and on-demand financing programs options, including on-boarding process. Advanced capabilities 
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2642"), ("2643", "227", "Dynamic Discounting Program", "Does your platform offer e-invoicing-based financing? If so, explain the solution components.", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Ability to offer e-invoicing-based financing (basic features)
3 - Advanced features to support for high levels of complexity for this requirement 
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2643"), ("2644", "227", "Document Visibility", "Does your platform offer visibility and insight into purchase orders, unapproved invoices, credit notes and other documents (please name and describe all documents and the granularity of visibility).", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Ability to offer visibility and insight into purchase orders, unapproved invoices, credit notes and other documents
3 - Advanced features to support granular visibility and high levels of complexity for this requirement 
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2644"), ("2645", "227", "Discount Schemes", "Explain how your solution configures and change discount schemes at various levels. Describe your sliding scale discount methodology.", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Ability to configures and change discount schemes at various levels (examples include for specific supplier tiers, individual supplier level, by commodity category)
3 - Advanced features to support for high levels of complexity for this requirement 
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2645"), ("2646", "227", "Payee Information", "Explain how your system is able to change the payee information if suppliers opt in to receive early payment.", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Ability to change the payee information if suppliers opt-in to receive early payment
3 - Advanced features to support for  high levels of complexity for this requirement 
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2646"), ("2647", "227", "Collaboration Capabilities", "Describe your ability to provide audits, alerts, reports and other messaging between and to individual participants within each SCF, DD or trade financing program.", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Ability to provide audits, alerts, reports and other messaging between and to individual participants within each SCF, DD or trade financing program
3 - Advanced features to support for high levels of complexity for this requirement 
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2647"), ("2648", "227", "Credit & Debit Processes", "Explain how credit and debit memo processes work in the system. How do you affect a company\'s deductions/chargebacks accounting?", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Support for credit and debit memo processes
3 - Ability to positively impact company\'s deductions/chargebacks accounting. Advanced features to support for  high levels of complexity for this requirement 
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2648"), ("2649", "227", "Geographic Coverage", "Describe your geographic coverage (countries) where your financing programs are available.", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Limited coverage
3 - Advanced features to support high levels of complexity. Global coverage
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2649"), ("2650", "227", "Information Collection", "For suppliers with multiple legal entities, do you collect information on the group or just the subsidiary using early pay service?", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Ability to collect information of multiple legal entities
3 - Advanced features to support high levels of complexity for this requirement 
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2650"), ("2651", "227", "Funding Partnerships", "Describe your funding partnerships to support your programs (global, regional and local).", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Limited partneship (no global support)
3 - Advanced features to support high levels of complexity. Extensive partnerships, global support
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2651"), ("2652", "227", "Integrated VAT Support", "Explain how your solution handles VAT when invoice discounting and how many countries your solution is approved for.", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Ability to handle VAT when invoice discounting. Limited geographic support
3 - Global geographic support advance capabilities to support high levels of complexity for this requirement 
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2652"), ("2653", "227", "Third Party Technology", "Describe your third-party technology support to enhance available early payment and financing options provided by others (e.g., banks, non-banks).", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Third-party technology support to enhance available early payment and financing options provided by others (e.g., banks, non-banks)
3 - Advanced capabiltiies to support high levels of complexity for this requirement
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2653"), ("2654", "227", "Cash Planning Support", "Describe your supplier cash planner tool. Can suppliers only see invoices from multiple buyers who use your platform? Can suppliers see invoices from multiple networks using APIs or screen-scraping technology? Can they enable automated early payments via supplier settings? Can they request early payments on individual invoice(s)? Or can they use the cash planning tool to request early payments en masse?", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Ability to provide a supplier cash planner tool
3 - Advanced cash planning capabilities to support high levels of complexity for this requirement
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2654"), ("2655", "227", "Working Capital Support", "Do you have a working capital tool to help companies assess their spend file and the likelihood for early payment financing, including payment term benchmarking?", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Ability to provide working capital tool to help companies assess their spend file and the likelihood for early payment financing, including payment term benchmarking
3 - Advance working capital support to manage high levels of complexity for this requirement 
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2655"), ("2656", "227", "AI/ML Capabilities", "Describe in detail your AI/ML capabilities or other emerging technology that enhances your payment or financing processes/programs.", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial process support/features
2 - Core Process support for standard requirements
3 - Advanced support for high levels of process complexities
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2656"), ("2657", "227", "Unique Financing Capabilities", "Describe what aspects of your financing/early payment support stand out from other vendors.", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Key features
2 - Advanced functionalities
3 - Capabilities that improve efficiencies and productivity
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2657"), ("2658", "228", "Analytics Integration", "Describe the analytical/reporting capability of your financing/early payment functionality and how it benefits administrators, buyers, suppliers and other users.", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features. Reporting capabilities
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Descriptive financing analytIcs (comparative analysis)
3 - Advanced financing analytics (actionable, benchmarks, process KPI, user KPIs). AI/ML capabilities to optimize processes, costs
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2658"), ("2659", "229", "Financing Roadmap", "Describe your payment and financing roadmap for the next quarter. ", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic additional features
2 - Core features/functionalities to improve process
3 - New capabilities to improve process, efficiencies and productivity
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2659"), ("2660", "230", "Variable Fund Source Support", "Can your solution combine direct funders of different kinds (e.g., banks and investors)?", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Ability to support combine direct funders of different kinds (i.e. banks and investors)
3 - Advanced features to support high levels of complexity for this requirement 
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2660"), ("2661", "230", "Automated Funder Selection", "If you support multiple funders, can the selection of the funder of a particular invoice be automated through eligibility criteria?", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Ability to automated funder selection
3 -  Advanced features to support high levels of complexity for this requirement 
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2661"), ("2662", "230", "SPV Support", "Can your solution work through an SPV instead of direct funding? If so, is this SPV created by the vendor or is it created by a third party?", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Ability to work through an SPV instead of direct funding
3 -  Advanced features to support high levels of complexity for this requirement 
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2662"), ("2663", "230", "Dual Method Support", "Does your platform support a combination of SCF with DD for the same program? If so, explain a use case based on a live customer today.", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Ability to support a combination of SCF with DD for the same program (e.g., a buyer selects online when to use one or multiple funders to fund, and when to use its own cash)
3 -  Advanced features to support high levels of complexity for this requirement 
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2663"), ("2664", "230", "Variable Rule-Based Offers", "If you do support a combination of buyer and SCF funding, can the platform, using a rules engine, automatically offer dynamic discounting after quarter end and either not offer DD or use external bank SCF if an invoice matures after quarter end?", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Ability to support rule-based dynamic discounting offers
3 -  Advanced features to support high levels of complexity for this requirement 
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2664"), ("2665", "230", "Purchase Order Financing", "Does your platform offer purchase order or unapproved invoice finance? If so, please explain the solution components.", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Ability to offer purchase order or unapproved invoice finance
3 -  Advanced features to support high levels of complexity for this requirement 
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2665"), ("2666", "230", "Working Capital Approach", "Does your platform support different combinations of working capital and early payment approaches (e.g., discount capture and payment extension)?", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Ability to  support different combinations of working capital and early payment approaches
3 -  Advanced features to support high levels of complexity for this requirement 
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2666"), ("2667", "231", "Dynamic Discuonting Programs", "Describe in detail your dynamic discounting program and capabilities if not covered above. Please be as specific as possible.", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Ability to offer specialized  dynamic discounting programs
3 -  Advanced features to support high levels of complexity for this requirement 
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2667"), ("2668", "231", "Dynamic Discounting Structures", "Does your platform support flexible dynamic discounting structures (e.g., a buyer acting as a funder)? If so, please describe the structure(s).", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Ability to support flexible dynamic discounting structures
3 -  Advanced features to support high levels of complexity for this requirement 
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2668"), ("2669", "231", "Dynamic Discounting Operation", "Is dynamic discounting operated through direct quotation to suppliers (one-to-one) or through a marketplace environment (one-to-many)?", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Ability to operate DD programs through direct quotation to suppliers (one-to-one) 
3 - Ability to operate DD programs through direct quotation to suppliers (one-to-one) and marketplace environment (one to many). Advanced features to support high levels of complexity for this requirement 
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2669"), ("2670", "231", "Discount Calculations", "Explain how the discount amount is calculated and all of the options available.", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Ability to support multiple options of discount amount calculation (e.g., dynamically based on the number of days remaining until the due date)
3 -  Advanced features to support high levels of complexity for this requirement 
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2670"), ("2671", "231", "Buyer Discounting Control", "Explain how buyers control which invoices are available for discounting. Can this be turned on and off?", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Ability to support buyers control of which invoices are available for discounting
3 -  Advanced features to support high levels of complexity for this requirement 
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2671"), ("2672", "231", "Global VAT Compliance", "Explain how your solution handles VAT as part of invoice discounting considerations and how many countries your solution is approved for.", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features
2 - Core support for standard requirements.  Ability to handle VAT as part of invoice discounting. Limited Geographic support
3 - Ability to handle VAT as part of invoice discounting. Glboal Geographic support. Advanced features to support high levels of complexity for this requirement 
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2672"), ("2673", "232", "Supply Chain Financing Programs", "Describe in detail your supply chain financing program and capabilities if not covered above. Please be as specific as possible.", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Ability to support specialized supply chain financing programs
3 -  Advanced features to support high levels of complexity for this requirement 
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2673"), ("2674", "232", "Supply Chain Finance Structures", "Does your platform support flexible supply chain finance structures? If so, please describe structure(s).", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Ability to support flexible supply chain finance structures  (e.g., a bank acts as a funder)
3 -  Advanced features to support high levels of complexity for this requirement 
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2674"), ("2675", "232", "Multiple Fund Source Support", "Does your platform support supply chain finance structures with multiple funders with a direct funding structure? How many funders can participate for the same program?", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Ability to support supply chain finance structures with multiple funders with a direct funding structure
3 -  Advanced features to support high levels of complexity for this requirement 
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2675"), ("2676", "232", "Supplier\'s Fund Source Visibility", "If the answer to the previous question is yes, and in the event that both the buyer and a bank fund the same supplier for different invoices, is the supplier informed of who is providing the funding?", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Ability to informe the supplier who is providing the funding
3 -  Advanced features to support high levels of complexity for this requirement 
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2676"), ("2677", "232", "Inter-Subsidiary Financing Support", "Does your platform support inter-subsidiary supply chain finance? If so, please explain the process methodology and solution capabilities.", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Ability to support inter-subsidiary supply chain finance
3 -  Advanced features to support high levels of complexity for this requirement 
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2677"), ("2678", "232", "Syndication Support", "Does your platform support participations and syndications? If so, please explain its extensibility to support different scenarios.", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Ability to support participations and syndications
3 -  Advanced features to support high levels of complexity for this requirement 
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2678"), ("2679", "232", "AML/KYC Facilitation Support", "For supply chain finance structures (not dynamic discounting), do you facilitate the KYC/AML processes through your platform? How does it work?", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Ability to facilitate the KYC/AML processes through the platform
3 -  Advanced features to support high levels of complexity for this requirement 
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2679"), ("2680", "232", "KYC Process Depth", "Describe your KYC process with suppliers, and how the platform enables verification and compliance to KYC standards in multiple jurisdictions.", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Ability to enable verification and compliance to KYC standards in multiple jurisdictions, including requirements and certifications, background checks, regulatory and reporting requirements, localized requirements, requirements for new suppliers in high-risk countries
3 -  Advanced features to support high levels of complexity for this requirement 
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2680"), ("2681", "232", "Repository Support", "What repository services do you offer for KYC support?", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Ability to offer repository services for KYC support
3 -  Advanced features to support high levels of complexity for this requirement 
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2681"), ("2682", "232", "Third Party Data Source Integration", "Does the platform integrate with one or more government/third-party data sources (eg. FEIN, OFAC, SIM/SL)? ", "0 - Not currently supported 
1 - Basic or partial support/features
2 - Core support for standard requirements. Ability to integrate with  one or more government/third-party data sources (eg. FEIN, OFAC, SIM/SL) that can be used to verify the data being provided by suppliers, including registry numbers, non-appearance on denied party lists and third-party evaluations
3 -  Advanced features to support high levels of complexity for this requirement 
4 - Materially differentiated capabilities compared with peers", "2682");